"Earlier this year I asked Term Sheet readers to take a confidence survey created by professional services provider Semaphore. More than 500 of you did (around 30% from the private equity, 26% from venture capital, with the rest coming from bankers, LPs, operating execs and third party vendors). The results are in (find them here) and here is the short version: PE and VC pros are confident in themselves, their businesses, their bosses, and their money, and they have little confidence in most aspects of our government. Here’s the breakdown of how much confidence the respondents had on…."
…Their own business: Very. 83% of readers are confident.
…Their industry: Mostly. 64% are confient.
…Their competitors: Mostly. 59% are confident.
…The U.S. economy: Mostly. 64% are confident.
…The international economy: Not so much. Just 21% are confident.
…Themselves: Healthy self-esteems here. 93% report self-confidence.
…Their earning power: Very. 76% expect to earn more than they did last year. (Meanwhile 80% got a raise in 2016.)
…Their boss: Mostly. 64% are confident.
"…Their CEO or Managing Partner: Mostly. 69% are confident (The grass is always greener, though. 76% report confidence in their competitors’ CEOs and Managing Partners.)"
…The former president: Very. 78% expressed confidence in President Obama and 59% expressed confidence in his economic team.
….The new president: Not so much. Just 25% are highly or somewhat confident in President Trump and only 15% are confident or somewhat confident in his economic team.
…Congress: Not so much. 21% are confident in Congress.
…Speaker Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell: Not so much. 25% are confident in Ryan; 33% for McConnell.
…Taxes: Only 20% are confident in the U.S. tax and spending policy and only 16% of international respondents expressed confidence in their countries’ tax and spending policies.
"Sectors: In 2016, the top three industries for investment were (in order) healthcare, enterprise software, and healthcare/financial services. Next year you expect enterprise software and healthcare/financial services to jump ahead of general healthcare deals. (Consumer, digital media and entertainment lagged those industries for both time frames.)"
"Lastly, a few predictions: The majority of respondents (57%) expect personal income tax rates to drop this year, and even more (70%) expect lower corporate income taxes. And not many of you are preparing to say goodbye to carried interest. Only 22% expect favorable carried interest tax treatment to be eliminated this year. Carry on."
 Airbnb’s Super Bowl ad is not what it seems
 Why President Trump’s wall won’t help U.S. workers
 Goldman Sachs turns on President Trump
 97 companies signed the legal brief against Trump’s travel ban
 The Zuckerberg Chan initiative donates $3 million towards solving San Francisco’s housing crisis
  ‘Stranger Things’ won the Super Bowl on social media
 Wall Street is confused by Trump’s fiduciary rule memo
 SpaceX plans to launch rockets every two to three months
 The Hamilton Ponzi scheme sucked in Wall Streeters and billionaires like Michael Dell
 What Trump doesn’t get about H1-B Visas
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Tech opposition to Trump’s travel ban driven by employees, not executives. Workout makeup. Swapping the Facebook feeds of the right and the left. Smart pills in the office. Gangs waging war on Facebook. New CEO at Zenefits. Trump remains closely tied to his business empire. Sofi’s winning bet on Super Bowl overtime. Why nobody cares the President is lying. Trump’s LBO of America."
" View, a Milpitas, Calif.-based provider of “smart” glass, raised $100 million in venture funding. TIAA Investments contributed $50 million to the round"
" Exabeam, a San Mateo, Calif.-based cybersecurity company, raised $30 million in funding. Cisco Investments and Lightspeed Venture Partners led the round. Read more at Fortune"
" SnapRoute, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based open-source networking company, raised $25 million in Series A funding. Norwest Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Lightspeed, AT&T, and Microsoft Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" Bloomon, an Amsterdam-based online flower delivery service, raised €21.4 million ($22.8 million) in a Series B funding round, according to Tech.eu. Investors include Fortino Capital, INKEF Capital, Partech Ventures, and angel investors. Read more"
" Chorus.ai, a San Francisco- and Tel-Aviv-based AI startup, raised $16 million in Series A funding. Redpoint Ventures led the round, and was joined by Emergence Capital"
" Verato, a McLean, Va.-based developer of SaaS products that connect customer, patient, or employee records across systems, raised $12.5 million in Series B funding. Bessemer Venture Partners and Columbia Capital led the round"
" TravelTriangle, an Indian marketplace for finding and booking travel and holidays, raised $10 million in Series B funding, according to TechCrunch. RB Investments led the round, and was joined by SAIF Partners and Bessemer Venture Partners. Read more"
" Blooom, a Leawood, Kansas-based online registered investment adviser, raised $9.15 million in Series B funding. QED and Commerce Ventures led the round, with participation from Allianz Life, Nationwide, TTV Capital, KCRise Fund, Industry Ventures, and UMB"
" Lola Travel, a Boston-based subscription service for on-demand travel, raised an additional $5 million in Series B funding from GV and Tenaya Ventures, closing the round at $25 million"
" Stem, a Los Angeles-based company that manages royalties for artists distributing music on multiple platforms, raised $4.5 million in funding, according to the New York Times. Investors include Upfront Ventures and Scooter Braun. Read more"
" The Holberton School, a San Francisco-based college alternative designed to help fill the tech skills gap using non-traditional learning techniques, raised $2.3 million in funding. Daphni led the round, and was joined by Reach Capital and Insight Venture Partners. Read more at Fortune"
" InnovaTel Telepsychiatry, an Erie, Pa.-based provider of psychiatric telehealth services to adolescents and adults, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Canyon Healthcare Partners"
" Prexton Therapeutics, a Geneva-based developer of therapeutic compounds to treat central nervous system conditions, raised €29 million ($31 million) in Series B funding.  Forbion Capital Partners and Seroba Life Sciences led the round, with participation from  Merck Ventures, Ysios Capital, and Sunstone Capital"
" Mission Bio, a San Francisco-based developer of a microfluidic, droplet-based platform for the molecular analysis of single cells, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Life Science Angels"
" The Sterling Group acquired Time Manufacturing Company, a Waco, Texas-based provider of aerial devices, from O’Flaherty Holdings Limited. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" BayMark Health Services, a Lewisville, Texas-based provider of services to treat opioid addiction, acquired AppleGate Recovery, a Bossier City, La.-based addiction recovery clinic operator, and Coleman Institute, a Richmond, Va.-based outpatient detox program for addiction. BayMark Health is backed by Webster Capital. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Industrial Opportunity Partners acquired GT Technologies, a Westland, Mich.-based developer of systems and components for heavy duty diesel customers. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed"
" Salient CRGT, a Fairfax, Va.-based software developer backed by Bridge Growth Partners and Frontenac Co, agreed to acquire Information Innovators, a Springfield, Va.-based information technology company servicing the federal government backed by DFW Capital. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
"Webster Capital acquired PharmaLogics Recruiting, a Quincy, Mass.-based provider of recruiting services for life sciences companies."
" Anova, a San Francisco sous vide startup launched on Kickstarter, has been acquired by Electrolux for $250 million including earn-outs"
" Azul, a Brazilian airline based in Sao Paulo and backed by China’s HNA Group, has filed to go public on NYSE and São Paulo Stock Exchange after canceling prior plans to go public twice. Citigroup Inc., Deutsche Bank SA and Itau BBA are leading the offering"
" KKR Prisma, a fund-of-hedge funds manager operated by KKR (NYSE:KKR), will combine with Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company to form PAAMCO Prisma Holdings, a new firm with $30 billion in assets under management. Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company will own around 60%, and KKR will retain a 39.9% stake"
" Bregal Sagemount, a New York City-based private equity firm, raised $960 million for its second fund, Bregal Sagemount II"
" CITIC Capital Partners, the Hong Kong-based private equity arm of CITIC Capital Holdings, raised ¥30 billion ($267 million) for its third Japan buyout fund, Capital Japan Partners III"
" Frontline Ventures, a London-based private equity and venture capital firm focusing on pre-seed and seed investments in B2B companies, raised €60 million ($64 million) for its second fund"
" Tony Seto has joined Freeman & Co. as an executive director. Seto was previously a director at Portico Capital.•  Chase Brogan has joined TSG Consumer Partners as a principal.  Previously, Brogan led the corporate development activities for Guthy|Renker"
" Monomoy Capital Partners has promoted Lee Mlotek from vice president to director. In addition, Ashley Johansen has joined the firm as a managing director, and Kelly Myers and Rick Key have joined the firm’s operating group"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Last week at the Upfront Ventures summit in Los Angeles, a number of locals excitedly speculated that Snap’s IPO could propel L.A.’s tech ecosystem above New York City’s as the #2 in the country. It pains me to say this as a New Yorker, but they had a point."
"NOW HEAR ME OUT, I know it’s not a competition. I know it’s not a zero-sum game. And I know it annoys people when the press plays up tech ecosystem rivalries. I’m not trying to do that. Yay, go tech, everyone’s city is special, even you, Silicon Sandbar."
"But I also know image matters when top tech talent is deciding where to live or start companies. Having a large, high profile, publicly traded “tentpole” company in your city – one that will to hire you if your startup fails, one that will mint angel investors and maybe even a “mafia” of next-generation companies and investors -- is very attractive. The Bay area has obviously that in scads."
"New York has a strong presence from Google and Facebook. It has the DoubleClick Mafia. And it’s home to many solid exits, including Tumblr, Jet.com, Buddy Media and Shutterstock."
"But none of its companies have approached Snap-level valuations. New York's most IPO-friendly “unicorns,” including Blue Apron, WeWork, AppNexus, BuzzFeed – are either on the sidelines or a year or more away from going public. Shares of the companies that did go public, Etsy and OnDeck Capital, have languished below their IPO prices ever since. Onetime winners Gilt Groupe and Makerbot sold, but fell short of expectations. And Fab utterly melted down."
"L.A.’s tech scene is younger, but has had its own meltdowns. Nasty Gal went bankrupt. The subscription companies ShoeDazzle and Beachmint, resorted to M&A. And The Honest Company recently laid off staff in its quest for profitability. It’s had numerous small-ish IPOs, including TrueCar, Cornerstone OnDemand and Rubicon Project, as well as the $1 billion sale of Dollar Shave Club to Unilever, the $1.5 billion sale of Lynda.com to LinkedIn, and the $2 billion sale of Oculus VR to Facebook. Other promising companies include SpaceX, Hyperloop, Thrive Market, and Scopely. An IPO as large and as high profile as Snap changes everything."
"I asked C.B. Insights to give me an updated side-by-side comparison of the basics and threw in Boston for posterity. I’ll post the charts online later today so you can see the direction these numbers are trending, and after the Snap IPO, I’ll compare exit data."
Funding raised from 2012 to present / Number of deals:
"L.A.: $14.9 billion / 1,198"
"NYC: $30.1 / 3,087"
"Boston: $23.1 billion / 1,628"
"VC vs. PE: Michael Moritz of Sequoia Capital has published searing New York Times op-ed about Stephen Schwarzman, Donald Trump, and carried interest. Trump vowed to close the carried interest loophole (an indefensible quirk” that Moritz admits he benefits from at Sequoia) during his campaign. But with Schwarzman leading Trump’s business council, that’s doubtful. Same goes for reforming the private equity industry, which Moritz harshly criticizes for job losses, including Blackstone’s 841 layoffs at Travelport. He writes:"
"It is wishful thinking that [the business council] will ever contemplate anything so daring as to make private equity principals personally liable for the loans they assign to companies — a move that, with the stroke of a pen, would curb many abuses and protect American workers and others whose standard of living has barely budged in a couple of decades."
He concludes:
The lower- and middle-income Americans who voted for Mr. Trump in droves would do well to listen hard to what Mr. Schwarzman is advising. They’ll hear the sound of dollars being sucked out of their pockets and slipped into the wallets of the 1 percent.
"NEVERMIND! That’s theme of the IPO market so far this year. Following the dramatic last-minute sale of IPO-ready AppDynamics, 2017’s next big IPO, Mauser Group, has sold to Stone Canyon Industries for $2.3 billion. Mauser is a packing supply company backed by Clayton Dubilier & Rice. No word on whether the deal’s bankers were shopping the sale unbeknownst to the company…"
PS. I’ve collected all my coverage so far of the Snap IPO in one place. Find it here.
 Twitter’s steps to curb abuse on its platform
 The new era of CEO activism
 Facebook employees now get bereavement leave
 The Trump rally hasn’t helped sin stocks
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Tom Price, Dr. Personal Enrichment. A quiet giant of investing weighs in on Trump. The desperate battle to destroy Isis. The FBI is reverting to Fax machines to thwart FOIA requesters.  Melania Trump sues over fears she missed the opportunity to profit from her role as First Lady.  Mandatory legal standards like fire codes are now copyrighted. “The slow motion terrorism of pirate capitalism.” The new face of American unemployment. Dripping is the new vaping. Articles on terror attacks. A hedge fund run entirely with artificial intelligence. Peter Thiel says he’s not running for California governor, despite a PAC in support. Venmo has a Sean Spicer problem. Tech, church, and the battle for San Francisco’s soul."
"  Fuze, a Cambridge, Mass.-based provider of enterprise communications services, raised $104 million in funding. Wellington Management Company led the round, and was joined by Greenspring Associates, Summit Partners, Bessemer Venture Partners, and G20"
" Shansong Express, a Shanghai-based logistics startup, raised $50 million in Series C funding from SIG Asia Investment, Yi Capital, and Prometheus Capital"
" HackerOne, a San Francisco-based cybersecurity company that helps businesses build bug bounty programs, raised $40 million in Series C funding. Dragoneer Investment Group led the round. Read more at Fortune"
" Fungible, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based developer of hardware and software for cloud data centers, raised $32.5 million in Series A funding from Mayfield, Walden Riverwood Ventures, Battery Ventures, and Juniper Networks"
" GOAT, a Culver City, Calif.-based mobile app for buying and selling sneakers, raised $25 million in funding. Accel led the round, and was joined by Matrix Partners, Upfront Ventures, and Webb Investment Network"
" CXA Group, a Singapore-based health technology startup, raised $25 million in Series B funding. B Capital Group and EDBI led the round"
" Chatbooks, a Provo, Utah mobile app that turns digital photos into physical photo books, raised $11.5 million in Series B funding. Aries Capital Partners led the round"
" Zeitgold, a Berlin-based provider of financial administration support for small businesses, raised €4.2 million ($4.5 million) in seed funding from Battery Ventures and Holtzbrinck Ventures"
" Adveez, a French IoT company, raised €3.3 million ($3.5 million) in funding, according to Tech.eu. Investors include Plume Finance and M Capital Partners. Read more"
" Once Upon a Farm, a San Diego-based organic baby food maker, raised $3.1 million in a Series A funding, according to the San Diego Business Journal. Cambridge Companies SPG led the round, and was joined by Seed 2 Growth Fund and Harbinger Ventures. Read more"
" Rippleshot, a Chicago-based fraud analytics firm, raised $2.6 million in funding. KDWC led the round, and was joined by CMFG Ventures"
" Tenka Labs, a San Francisco-based smart toy company, raised $2.1 million in seed funding from unnamed investors"
" Hashed Health, a Nashville, Tenn.-based provider of support services for blockchain networks, raised about $2 million in funding. Martin Ventures led the round, and was joined by Fenbushi Capital"
" Airsorted, a London-based provider of management services for Airbnb properties, raised £1.5 million ($1.9 million) in funding. Concentric led the round, and was joined by 500 Startups and Pi Labs"
" Artemest, a Milan-based ecommerce site for Italian handmade luxury products, raised $1.2 million in seed funding. IAG led the round, and was joined by angel investors"
" Laminate Medical Technologies, an Israeli developer of a dialysis device, raised $8 million in Series B funding, according to Globes. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group (Nasdaq:CG) acquired a majority stake in CMC Networks, a Johannesburg-based telecommunications carrier, for more than $100 million"
" Altus Capital Partners acquired MAX Environmental Technologies, a Pittsburgh-based environmental services company that treats, stores, and disposes of industrial waste. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Baldwin Technology Company, a manufacturer and supplier of process-automation equipment backed by Forsyth Capital Investors, acquired Air Motion Systems, a River Falls, Wis.-based provider of LED UV curing technology"
" Innovative Chemical Products, backed by Audax Private Equity, acquired MinusNine Technologies, a Birdsboro, Pa.-based formulator and manufacturer of UV/EB coatings, adhesives, primers, and specialty products for graphic arts and industrial applications. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Waud Capital Partners invested in Minnesota Eye Consultants, a provider of clinical eye care services"
" L'Oreal (ENXTPA:OR) is considering putting the The Body Shop up for sale with a price tag of €1 billion ($1.1 billion), according to the Financial Times. Read more (subscription required)"
" Canada Goose, a Toronto-based apparel maker backed by Bain Capital, has filed to confidentially go public, using a dual-listing in New York and Toronto, according to Bloomberg. The company aims to raised between $200 million and $300 million at a $2 billion valuation. Read more"
" Detsky Mir, a Russian children's goods retailer, raised $355 million in a Moscow initial public offering, with shares pricing at the bottom of the expected range. Read more at Fortune"
" Saudi Aramco, a Saudi Arabia oil producer, has hired Moelis, a New York City-based boutique investment bank, as an advisor as it prepares to go public at a valuation of more than $2 trillion. Read more at Fortune"
" The Priceline Group (NASDAQ: PCLN) agreed to acquire the Momondo Group, a London-based online travel portal backed by Great Hill Partners, for $550 million in cash"
" Hootsuite, a Vancouver, Canada-based social media management company, acquired AdEspresso, a San Francisco-based company that helps businesses understand and manage their Facebook advertising campaigns. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. AdEspresso raised $3.2 million in VC funding from investors including Venture Friends, 500Startups, and angel investors"
" Brook Venture Partners, Resolute Capital Partners, and Eagle Private Capital acquired Cole Information Services, an Omaha, Neb.-based provider of consumer and business databases, from MCM Capital Partners. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" One Equity Partners, a New York City-based middle-market private equity firm, raised $1.65 billion for its sixth fund, One Equity Partners VI"
" Vector Capital, a San Francisco-based private equity firm, raised $1.4 billion for its fifth fund, Vector Capital V"
" Trident Capital Cybersecurity, a San Mateo, Calif.-based venture capital firm, raised $300 million for a fund that focuses on cybersecurity investments. Read more at Fortune"
" Green Bay Ventures, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm founded by NEA-cofounder Dick Kramlich and Anthony Schiller, raised $130 million, mostly from family offices, for its first fund, according to a person familiar with the situation. The firm plans to raise a healthcare-focused fund of the same size"
" Blue Sage Capital promoted Eric Weiner and Jonathan Pearce from vice presidents to principals, and hired Austin Prentice and Afshar Sanati as associates"
" Arthur Mornington has joined Oakley Capital’s (AIM:OCL) private equity unit, according to Reuters. Previously Mornington was a partner at Charterhouse Capital Partners. In addition, Hayley Whitehead joined the firm as assistant director of its deals team, and Lovis von Andrian and Alex Golling joined as associates. Read more"
 Ashish Aggarwal has joined Grishin Robotics as a principal. Previously he was the director of corporate development at Opera Software
" Janelle Goulard has joined Pangaea Ventures as the director of health investment. The firm also promoted Sarah Applebaum to director of Pangaea Spark, and Matthew Cohen to director of technology"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Hello from snowy New York, where this morning’s layer of fresh white snow will soon turn into black, bottomless slush puddles of death."
"Clapping back: Term Sheet readers had lots of thoughts on Michael Moritz’s op-ed on Stephen Schwarzman, carried interest, President Trump, and private equity ethics (here). I’ll share them in a feedback column later, but one repeated theme was that the companies backed by Moritz’s firm, Sequoia Capital, and other VC firms, contribute to just as much indirect job loss via displacement as buyouts do directly via layoffs."
"The American Investment Council’s official response accuses Moritz of misunderstanding the private equity model (“long term investments,” “alignment of interests”), noting that pension funds benefit from private equity’s high returns, and that many startups raise debt as well."
"On carried interest, the Council, alongside the National Taxpayers Union and Americans for Tax Reform, argues that “changing the tax treatment of carried interest would hurt the pension funds, charities, and college endowments that form partnerships with fund managers and depend on the superior returns these managers deliver.”"
"Impaired: Last Fall Term Sheet mentioned Simple, the innovative digital bank that BBVA acquired in 2014 for $117 million, as an example of a traditional bank using a startup within it to disrupt itself. It’s the same model being used at Almond Bank, the secretive “bank within a bank” that Andreessen Horowitz, Battery Ventures, and Ribbit Capital were incubating in Cross River Bank, a joint investment."
"At the time, I noted that Simple had experienced outage issues over the years. I also mentioned that Almond would pick up where Simple left off. But Simple representatives were quick to let me know at the time that the company is still very much alive. Simple has even begun on-boarding Simple customers to the BBVA balance sheet, a source close to the company says."
"But this month BBVA Compass, the North American subsidiary that owns Simple, took a $59.9 million impairment charge on the company, according to an SEC filing. Josh Reich, Simple’s Founder and CEO told Term Sheet that BBVA continues to invest in Simple. The team now has 350 employees and “added customers at the rate of a bank that has over 1,000 branches,” he says."
BBVA Compass representative Christina Anderson provided more detail via email:
"Accounting rules for investments like these and valuations for fintech companies are very volatile and often result in impairments.  We are also interested in the intangibles that our innovation investments bring, including their knowledge and culture, as those elements help BBVA Compass become more dynamic, customer-centric and could potentially change the way banking is done. As with most investments, return is delivered in the medium to long term, and BBVA Compass remains committed to Simple and its continued success and ongoing growth.  "
"Further Impaired: Publicis Groupe, a major acquirer of digital advertising businesses and agencies, has taken a massive writedown on its onetime “crown jewel” Sapient. The company disclosed a  $1.49 billion impairment charge on the company, which it acquired in 2014 for $3.7 billion. CEO Maurice Lévy told WSJ his plan for Sapient, part of a wider strategy to turn the ad holding company into more of a consulting business, was “probably too ambitious.”"
"Leap of Faith: I read this Business Insider article on Magic Leap with great interest. In recent months the highly funded ($1.4 billion), highly valuable ($4.5 billion), highly secretive company has been accused of overhyping its not-yet-launched technology. Now, according to the article, the company is “scrambling” to get a demo ready ahead of a big board meeting. To be clear: All startups scramble. But Magic Leap is under more pressure than most startups, thanks to its valuation and funding."
"The story shows that Magic Leap is making progress (its demo is in “decent” shape), but it also shows the danger of too much hype before launching anything. (Its CEO has promised the product will be like “really cool dream. Of flying squirrels and sea monkeys and rainbow powered unicorns. Of most anything you can imagine.” That’s a lot to live up to!) Also: Beyoncé was apparently unimpressed by a personalized demo."
"Broadly speaking, one side effect of the Theranos mess is that companies are terrified of being called “the next Theranos.” They’re simultaneously scared of the media, and want more than ever to participate in and shape coverage. This could lead to more transparency, but so far I think it’s only led to more paranoia."
"Elsewhere in VR/AR news, Oculus VR is reportedly closing 200 of its 500 demo stations at Best Buys due to poor performance."
 Cruise Automation testing an app for hailing self-driving cars
 The 50 best workplaces for giving back
 Intel’s delicate dance
 Snapchat’s other mega-cloud purchase (It’s not from Google)
 Twitter’s earnings miss
 Under Armour wants to have it both ways
 A counter-argument to H1-B visa supporters
 German automakers come to Silicon Valley
…AND ELSEWHERE
"America’s ‘jobs for the boys’ only tells half the story. (Subscription required.) A book about how the Thiel Fellows have fared.  Retail investors beware the Vision Fund. Silicon Valley, white collar crime, and a wig. The tail of Fling’s demise. Why Silicon Valley wouldn’t work without immigrants."
" Ofo, a Chinese bicycle-sharing startup, is raising up to $150 million in funding, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" SpringCM, a San Mateo, Calif developer of cloud-based document management software, raised $25 million in funding. Investors include Crestline Investors and Foundation Capital"
" Demisto, a Cupertino, Calif.-based provider of collaboration and automation tools for security operations teams, raised $20 million in Series B funding. Investors include ClearSky, Accel, and the Slack Fund"
" WelbeHealth, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based healthcare services company delivering coordinated care to seniors, raised $15 million in Series A funding. F-Prime Capital and .406 Ventures led the round"
" Xeneta,  a Norwegian ocean freight benchmarking and market intelligence software platform, raised $12 million in a Series B funding. Smedvig Capital led the round, and was joined by Creandum and Alliance Venture"
" HealthReveal, a New York City-based healthcare technology company that anticipates medical events for individuals with chronic disease, raised $10.8 million in Series A funding. GE Ventures led the round, and was joined by Greycroft Partners, Flare Capital Partners, and Manatt Ventures"
" Exactuals, a Los Angeles-based provider of an SaaS platform for royalties payments in the media and entertainment industries, raised $10 million in Series A funding. City National and TTV Capital led the round, with participation from Stanford-StartX Fund, S-Cubed Capital, Palo Alto Venture Partners, Skyview Fund, The Strand Partners, Temerity Capital, and angel investors"
" Empow, an Israeli cybersecurity startup, raised $9 million funding from unnamed investors"
" Intensix, an Israeli developer of a predictive analytics platform for the early detection of patient deterioration in the ICU, raised $8.3 million in Series A funding. Pitango Venture Capital led the round"
" Wooplr, a Bengaluru, India social commerce platform, raised $8 million in Series B funding, according to The Economic Times. Sistema Asia Fund led the round, and was joined by the Amereus Group and Helion.  Read more"
" LifeDojo, a San Francisco-based provider of online behavior change and wellness programs for employees, raised $5.1 million in Series A funding. Sodexo Ventures led the round, and was joined by Launchpad Digital Health, GP Ventures, JD Investments, and the Telluride Venture Fund"
" Wiiv Wearables, a Vancouver, Canada-based company that 3D prints custom footwear, raised $4 million in Series A funding. The round was led by a Seattle-based tech investor syndicate, with participation from Eclipse VC, Evonik Venture Capital, Real Ventures, and Asimov Ventures"
" Cuebiq, a New York City-based location and data intelligence company, raised $3.5 million in Series A funding. Tribeca Angels and ARC Angel Fund NYC led the round"
" Botworx.ai, a Los Altos, Calif. messaging-based commerce platform, raised $3 million in seed funding. Costanoa Ventures led the round, and was joined by SV Angel"
" Agent.ai, a Sunnyvale, Calif. provider of messaging-based customer support tools, raised a $2.7 million in seed funding from angel investors"
" Capsule8, a Brooklyn, N.Y.-based cybersecurity company, raised $2.5 million in seed funding of $2.5 million from Bessemer Venture Partners and angel investors"
" Blend Media, a Palo Alto, Calif.  360˚ Video/VR platform raised $1.5 million in seed funding from angel investors"
" Inbox Health, a Madison, Conn.-based developer of patient billing and payments software for the healthcare industry, raised $1.5 million seed funding. Connecticut Innovations led the round, and was joined by Launch Capital, Enhanced Capital, I2BF Global Ventures, Mohawk Ventures, and angel investors"
" Resilient Network Systems, a San Francisco-based contextual access control company, raised $1.2 million in Series A extension funding. HRK Investments led the round"
" Mojo Networks, a  Mountain View, Calif.-based developer of a cloud-managed WiFi platform, raised $30 million in debt and Series E funding. Investors include Presidio Partners, Trident Capital, Granite Ventures, North Haven Expansion Credit, Walden Riverwood Ventures, and Alpha Technologies"
" Lovell Minnick Partners agreed to acquire a majority stake in Foreside Financial Group, a Portland, Maine-based provider of regulatory compliance and distribution services to the investment management industry.  Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Unigestion and Akina have agreed to combine their private equity business. The new firm, which will have manage $6 billion in assets, will operate under the Unigestion name"
" ABRY Partners agreed to acquire MobileHelp, a Boca Raton, Fla.-based provider of mobile medical alert systems. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Soaring Pine Capital acquired ETI Tech, a Dayton, Ohio manufacturer of flight hardware and ground support equipment for the aerospace and military industries. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Market Track, a Chicago-based subscription advertising company backed by Aurora Capital and Cambria Group, acquired Brandtale, a New York City-based platform for digital branded content and native advertising intelligence. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Gatekeeper Systems, an Irvine, Calif.-based manufacturer of shopping carts and trolley containers for retail stores, acquired Carttronics, a San Diego-based company that helps retailers decrease their operating and capital expenses. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Gatekeeper systems is backed by Hammond, Kennedy, Whitney & Company"
" Quad-C Management invested in Pharm-Olam International, a Houston, Texas-based clinical research organization serving the biopharmaceutical and medical device industries. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" Anthem's (NYSE:ANTM) $54 billion takeover of Cigna (NYSE:CI) has been blocked by a federal judge, who ruled the merger would likely raise health insurance prices for Americans. Read more at Fortune"
" RPC Group (RPC.L) agreed to acquire Letica, a Rochester, Mich.-based plastic packaging products manufacturer, for £391 million ($491 million), with an additional £120 ($150.7 million) in performance-related incentives. Read more"
" Nokia (HLSE:NOKIA) agreed to acquire Comptel (HLSE:CTL1V), a Finnish provider of telecom software and service, for €347 million ($370.8 million) in cash"
" Jose Cuervo, a San Antonio, Texas-based tequila producer, priced its IPO at 34 pesos ($1.67) per share, at the top of its expected range. By pricing 476.6 million shares, the company raised at least 16.2 billion pesos ($791 million). Read more at Fortune"
" Sophos (LSE:SOPH) agreed to acquire Invincea, a Fairfax, Va.-based developer of endpoint security software, for $100 million in cash, with an additional $20 million in performance-related incentives. Invincea raised more than $40 million in VC funding from investors including ORIX Ventures, Aeris Capital, and Dell Ventures"
" Firsttime, an Israeli venture capital firm, raised $40 million for its second fund, Firstime II"
" G Square, a London-based private equity firm that invests in the the healthcare industry, raised €350 million ($373.8 million) for its second fund"
" Annette Wilson has joined Orange Growth Capital as a partner and head of investor relations. Previously, Wilson worked in investor relations at Silverfleet Capital Partners. In addition, Aman Ghei has joined the firm as a principa"
 Brian C. Schmidt and Jon A. Fox have joined Värde as partners
 Seth Harward and Scott Hoch have been promoted from principals to partners at Frontier Capital
" Daniel Officer has been promoted to managing director at Sperry, Mitchell & Company"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Deal: Podium, an enterprise software startup, is working with investment bank Houlihan Lokey to raise a large new round of funding, Term Sheet has learned. The company seeks around $20 million to $25 million at a pre-money valuation of around $100 million. The company declined to comment."
"Outside of participating in Y Combinator’s winter 2016 batch, the Utah-based startup has kept a low profile in Silicon Valley. For the last several months, Podium has made the rounds on Sand Hill road in what venture investors describe as an “unconventional” fundraise. The company asked firms to submit a formal “indication of interest” (IOI) before beginning due diligence, and used an online data room. One investor described it as more akin to a private equity deal or M&A auction than venture fundraising, which tends to be less formal. Podium recently narrowed down its fundraising process and will finalize the deal soon."
"Podium’s software allows businesses to collect and manage online reviews. Founded in 2014, it has only raised a small amount of seed funding from Peak Ventures of Provo, Utah, and it boasts 30,000 customers. Now the company’s annual recurring revenue (ARR) is between $10 million and $15 million, a source familiar with the situation said."
"Investors note the company’s revenue has “velocity,” meaning it is growing quickly, especially in the automotive market. One of its key features allows customers to text customers after they leave a store or dealership. Podium is different from Podium Data, a Boston-area startup."
"Coming to terms: The Honest Company is weighing whether to replace its CEO and co-founder Brian Lee, according to Jason Del Rey of Recode. Lee provided some detail on why The Honest Company’s sale talks with Unilever fell through: “We couldn’t come to a correct structure and correct value and correct partnership.” That led him to realize “what it takes to become a world-class CPG organization with world-class products.”"
"In other words, The Honest Company isn’t pitching itself as a tech startup anymore. It’s a big about-face from December, when Lee told Fortune’s Beth Kowitt, “Technology is in our DNA.” When pressed, Lee said, “We don’t really think of ourselves as either. We’re a way of life."""
"Seventh Generation, the company Unilever bought instead of The Honest Company, has been operating as a CPG organization for decades. As Beth noted:"
"Honest took in tech-level funding—$228 million in five years, while Seventh Generation raised less than $100 million in its nearly 30-year history. Honest also staffed up like a startup. It has about three times as many employees as Seventh Generation, despite having roughly the same level of sales. Maybe staffing and funding wouldn’t matter quite so much if the home care category wasn’t such a low-margin one."
"Hyperloop Two: Brogan BamBrogan, the former CTO of Hyperloop One, is known for his lawsuit with the company, and also for announcing an office expansion by bursting through a wall wearing a Kool-Aid suit."
"A few months after settling with his former employer, BamBrogan has unveiled his new hyperloop company in L.A. called Arrivo. In an interview with my colleague Kirsten Korosec, BamBrogram says Arrivo plans to establish two test sites, one outside of the U.S., and will have revenue-generating projects within three years. The company already has “initial funding in place"" but will not share any details on the source or the amount of that funding. (P.S. Term Sheet accepts anonymous tips.)"
"Snapshot: Yesterday Snap updated its S-1 filing with a few details, including the fact that board member Joanna Coles is getting paid more than the initial filing showed."
"The company also updated sections on shareholder information rights (we common people have them, even though we can’t vote on said information!) and on its slowing user growth (blame lower-engagement regions outside of the U.S. and Europe). Those were two of the biggest red flags the media focused on besides Snap’s lack of profits. This update shows that Snap, or at least Snap’s bankers, are paying close attention to how the world reacted. I’ve said it before, but I’ll keep repeating it: For IPOs, narrative is king."
"Layoff watch: Austin marketing technology startup Spredfast has laid off 47 employees and closed its Madison, Wisc. office. The employees joined the startup via the acquisition of Shoutlet. Xconomy first reported on an internal memo announcing the news. Spredfast is backed by $114 million in funding from Austin Ventures, Lead Edge Capital, OpenView, and Riverwood Capital. The company did not respond to a request for comment."
"Layoff watch II: Zenefits’ new CEO Jay Fulcher is wasting no time. The company cut 430, or around half, of its employees."
"In other news: To end things on a slightly more positive note… Here’s a drone that pollinates flowers, here are some people literally saving the whales, here’s a story on the women of Star Wars, and here are some lessons on aging well from a 105-year-old biker. Have a great weekend!"
 Twitter is the one company that should be benefitting most from Trump. It’s not
 How fintech can take off without being hampered by regulations
" New bills on equal pay, paid leave will test the GOP’s willingness to follow Trump’s lea"
 China will become the world’s largest economy before 2030
 Weather derivatives not raining (snowing?) in the cash for Wall Street
 Drone deliveries aren’t coming soon
 More on how badly Theranos screwed up
 Trump’s tweets are losing their bite
 Kushner’s family wants to buy the Marlins
…AND ELSEWHERE
Wtf happened to winter? Murdoch sat in on an interview with Trump. (subscription required.) NBA could start a league of pro video game players. Trump is to Twitter what Roosevelt is to radio. Confused by bay leaves. Evan Spiegel fiancé Miranda Kerr shades Facebook: “Can they not be innovative? Do they have to steal all of my partner’s ideas?” Chinese companies rush in where bankers fear to lend.
" CarTrade, an Indian online auto classified company, raised $55 million from Temasek"
" Evident.io, a Pleasanton, Calif. provider of cloud infrastructure security services for Amazon Web Services, raised $22 million in Series C funding led by GV with participation from existing investors Bain Capital, True Ventures and Venrock"
" Better Mortgage, a New York City-based mortgage bank, raised $15 million in Series B funding from Kleiner Perkins, Goldman Sachs, and Pine Brook"
" MediaSilo, a Boston-based provider of video collaboration software, has merged with Wiredrive, a Los Angeles-based collaboration tool company, and raised $7 million in funding from Schooner Capital"
" TruSTAR, a San Francisco-based cybersecurity company, raised $5 million in Series A funding. Storm Ventures led the round, and was joined by Aspect Ventures, Resolute Ventures, and angel investors"
" SpaceKnow, a San Francisco-based analytics platform that track global economic trends, raised $4 million in Series A funding. BlueYard Capital led the round, and was joined by Reflex Capital"
" Cinemood, a Moscow-based maker of projector devices, raised $2.5 million in Series A funding from IIDF"
" Tipit, an Israeli artificial reality platform, raised $2.5 million in seed funding from Atooro Fund"
" HeadBox, a UK digital marketplace for spaces, has raised £1.4 million ($1.7 million) in funding from angel investors"
" Blackstone Group has agreed to acquire Aon’s (NYSE:AON) technology-enabled HR platform, currently part of Aon Hewitt, for $4.8 billion, $500 million of which is based on future performance. Read more at Fortune"
" Calera Capital acquired a majority stake in the Evans Network of Companies, a Schuylkill Haven, Pa.-based logistics company, from AEA Investors. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" KKR has acquired a 14% stake in GFK, a German research firm. KKR plans to acquire a majority control of the company. Michael Dell’s MSD Capital is competing with the firm for control of GFK"
" KKR and its Malaysian conglomerate, Samling Group, are bidding for United Engineers (UEM:SP), a Singapore property group, according to Bloomberg. The company is valued at $1.3 billion. Read more"
"Tailwind Capital has made an equity investment in AST, a Naperville, Ill.-based Oracle consulting, implementation and managed services firm."
" Telefonica, the Spanish telecom company, is in talks with KKR, CVC, Ardian, and GIC regarding the sale of a 49 percent stake in its subsidiary Telxius, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Soaring Pine Capital has acquired ETI Tech, a Dayton, Ohio provider of flight hardware parts for the aerospace defense industry. Terms were not disclosed"
" Enhesa, Brussels-based regulatory compliance company, has raised growth capital of an undisclosed size from Waterland Private Equity investments"
" Pelican Energy Partners, has made a growth equity investment in Quinn Artificial Lift Services, a Red Deer, Alberta, manufacturer of downhole rod pumps and components and provider of aftermarket repair services to the oil and gas industry. Terms were not disclosed"
 Saudi Arabia’s public investment fund is considering a bid for Six Flags Entertainment (NYSE: SIX) according to Bloomberg. Read more
" Carlsberg is considering a bid for a 20% stake in Tsingtao Brewery, a Chinese beer maker owned by Asahi Group Holdings, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Reckitt Benckiser (LON:RB) has agreed to buy Mead Johnson Nutrition (NYSE:MJN), a U.S. infant formula maker, for $16.6 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) is offering 2 euros per share for remaining shares in Euro Disney. The company recently bought 9% of the business from Price Alwaleed's Kingdom Holdings, increasing its holding to 85.7% from 76.7%. Read more"
 Foundation Building Materials (NYSE: FBM) priced of its IPO of 12 million shares (with the option to sell an additional 1.9 million) at $14 per share. The company is owned by Lone Star Funds
" Sun Seven Stars agreed to acquire a majority stake in Grapevine, a Boston-based social media influencer platform. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Grapevine raised $1.29 million from investors including Boston Seed Capital"
" Shop.Co, a German startup, has acquired San Francisco eCommerce startup Zen Shopping. Zen Shopping raised funding from e42 Ventures and angel investors"
" QuoVadis, a provider of cybersecurity services owned by ABRY Partners has agreed to sell to WISeKey (SIX: WIHN), a Swiss cybersecurity company. Terms were not disclosed"
" Dominus Capital sold Bentley Mills, a Los Angeles-based manufacturer of commercial interior products, to Lone Star"
" Airbnb is close to acquiring Luxury Retreats, a Canadian travel booking company, for under $300 million, according to Bloomberg. (TechCrunch values the deal at around $200 million). Luxury Retreats raised $16 million in VC funding from iNovia Capital. Read more"
" Palamon Capital Partners sold SARquavitae, a provider of elderly care services in Span, for for 550 million euros ($584 million)"
" Greycroft has raised $250 million for its second growth equity fund, Greycroft Growth II"
 Paine & Partners  is now Paine Schwartz Partners. Dexter Paine will remain chairman. Former president Kevin Schwartz is now CEO
" Carlyle Group is planning to raise a its third financial-services-focused buyout fund, according to the Wall Street Journal. Carlyle Global Financial Services Partners II LP, a 2014 vintage, had $1 billion in commitments and was 80% invested as of Dec. 31. Read more"
" Aqua Capital has raised $300 million for its second South American agro-business fund, according to the Wall Street Journal. The fund had a $250 million target. Read more. (Subscription required."
" Tom Gladden has left fund-of-funds manager Adams Street Partners, according to peHUB. Read more (subscription required)"
" BB&T Capital Markets added David Keys as a managing director, Dave Endom as a vice president, and Tim Lufkin as a appointed managing director"
" Liu Wei has joined Baidu Ventures as CEO, according to China Money Network. He was formerly a partner at Legend Holdings' venture arm Legend Star. Read more. Read more"
" Casey Winters, formerly of Pinterest and Grubhub, has joined Greylock as a Growth Advisor in Residence"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Hello, it’s me. Some quick notes to kick off your Monday."
"Self-driving: Thus far Ford and General Motors have taken very different approaches in their transformations from automotive companies to “mobility” companies. GM more or less decided last year that it was behind, quickly spending $1.5 billion to catch up. The company bought Cruise Automation for $1 billion and invested in Lyft. The combination of GM’s manufacturing expertise, Cruise’s self-driving technology, and Lyft’s ride-hail platform is meant to “future-proof” the company from disruption."
"At Ford, CEO Mark Fields has been preaching the gospel of innovation, disruption and mobility for years now, but the company has mostly avoided splashy acquisitions and headline-grabbing investments until now. On Friday that changed. The company announced a $1 billion investment in Argo AI, a months-old startup based in Pittsburgh. (Remember when I noted that groups of AI engineers with little more than a hastily written Medium post were banding together and calling themselves companies? This isn’t quite that… but these are the times we live in.)"
"This is a deal intended to grab headlines. AI! Self-driving! One BILLION dollars! But to be clear: Ford isn’t dropping $1 billion in cash today, it’s investing that over the next five years. That’s true of GM’s $1 billion acquisition of Cruise Automation, too. The actual deal value was closer to $600 million with the rest arriving as earn-outs and incentives."
"Ford's deal has an unusual structure. My colleague Jonathan Vanian reports that Argo AI will become a subsidiary of Ford, and Ford will be the majority shareholder of Argo AI, but the company will operate independently and have its own board of directors. Why? Optics:"
"Fields explained that Argo AI's status as a quasi independent company would let it attract employees with salaries comparable to hot startups, as well as offer stock options. “Let’s face it, there’s a war for talent these days,” said Fields. ""By Argo to offer equity participation, we think it’s pretty unique.”"
"Self-driving cars are still a long way from becoming a reality, so optics and headlines are all we’ve got. Argo AI will build technology for Ford vehicles, but it will also be allowed to partner with other self-driving tech companies. Just not, I suspect, other automakers. Read more."
"Layoff Watch: Daqri, an augmented reality startup, has cut around 25% of its staff, according to Business Insider."
"Speaking of AR: Tim Cook believes augmented reality will be as big as smartphones. Meanwhile Magic Leap took to Twitter on Friday to clarify that a leaked photo of its augmented reality headset, which showed an elaborate backpack covered in cords and circuit boards, is actually only “an R&D test rig.”"
"#DeleteUber: Lyft quickly overtook Uber and in the App Store rankings after the online protest against Uber went viral last month. But in the days following, Uber returned to a higher ranking than its rival."
"Perhaps people forgave Uber after the company pledged to donate $3 million to a legal defense fund for those affected by President Trump’s executive order and CEO Travis Kalanick stepped down from his role on Trump’s economic advisory council. Perhaps people realized Lyft isn’t so innocent, either -- its investors include Trump supporters Peter Thiel and Carl Icahn."
"Data company TXN analyzed transactions from a panel of three million credit card holders, finding that Uber’s share of the market fell from 83.9% to 78.5% of the market in the four days after the anti-Uber hashtag went viral. Not exactly a death knell, but enough to have every executive at high-profile consumer-facing companies paying very close attention to the President’s executive orders, and plotting how they’ll react. The New York Times reports that old-line tech companies and B2B businesses are coming under increasing pressure from their employees, too."
"The Snappening: If you are preparing a last-minute takeover bid for Snap, your time is running out. The company’s IPO road show could start as soon as Friday, WSJ reports."
"“Brilliantly stimulating”: Steve Schwarzman’s 70th birthday bash included trapeze artists, acrobats, camels, Mongolian soldiers, multiple Trump cabinet nominees, Gwen Stefani, the Jersey Boys, and a who’s who of private equity on the “American Riviera.”"
  Wells Fargo pushes into AI
  Google is studying how robots will collaborate
  Chris Rock and … Salesforce
  Today in reality TV: Trump vs. Mark Cuban
  Capitalism at a crossroads
  Uber. vs. Ola is getting ugly
  UBS: Buy gold
…AND ELSEWHERE
The Reckitt Benckiser-Mead Johnson deal’s success depends on China. The AI Threat isn’t Skynet – it’s the middle class. What we’re fighting for. How to disable some of Facebook’s most obnoxious alerts. The increasingly conspiratorial left. Why women keep working in their 60’s and 70’s. Tarullo on Trump (subscription required). Hedge funds betting on Mt. Gox (subscription required). Why Asian tech titans understand Trump. China and the party-corporate complex. Professional candy tasting: Harder than it looks.
" Argo AI, a Harrisburg, Pa.-based artificial intelligence startup that focuses on software for cars, will receive $1 billion in funding over the next five years from Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F). Read more at Fortune"
" Dia&Co, a Brooklyn, N.Y.-based clothing subscription service for women sizes 14 and above, raised $18 million in a Series A funding, the company confirmed to Fortune. Read more"
" CrediFi, a New York-based provider of data and analytics services for the commercial real estate industry, raised $13 million in Series B funding. Liberty Interactive’s Liberty Israel Venture Fund led the round, and was joined by 31 Ventures Global Innovation Fund, Battery Ventures, Carmel Ventures, OurCrowd, and Stax"
" SigTuple, a Bengaluru, India-based developer of solutions for automated medical diagnosis based on medical images and other data, raised $5.8 million in Series A funding. Accel Ventures led the round, and was joined by IDG Ventures, Endiya Partners, pi Ventures, VH Capital, and Axilor Partners"
" Nura, a Sydney-based maker of customizable headphones, raised $4.6 million in funding from Blackbird Ventures and angel investors"
" Bloom & Wild, a London flower-delivery startup, raised £3.75 million in funding ($4.7 million), according to Business Insider. Burda Principal Investments led the round, and was joined by Hubert Burda Media’s investment unit, MMC Ventures, and angel investors. Read more"
" Trizic, a San Francisco-based platform that allows clients to interact with their financial firms, raised $3.3 million in funding. Freestyle Capital led the round, and was joined by Broadhaven Capital Partners, and Commerce Ventures"
" Float, a Los Angeles-based provider of mobile-based credit applications, raised $3 million in seed funding. Investors include Camp One Ventures, Funders Club, and 500 Startups"
" Bolstra, a Carmel, Ind.-based customer management platform, raised $1.5 million in seed funding. Allos Ventures and 4G Ventures led the round, with participation from Collina Ventures, Elevate Ventures and private investors"
" Stada (DB:SAZ), a German drug manufacturer, received acquisition offers from Cinven, which bid €3.5 billion ($3.7 million) to acquire the company, and Advent, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Smile Brands, an Irvine, Calif.-based provider of support and general services to dental groups, completed two acquisitions: A+ Dental Care, a North California-based dental group with four locations, and OneSmile Silicon Valley, a group of three dental practices in Mountain View and Los Gatos, Calif. Smile Brands is a Gryphon Investors portfolio company"
" Diversis Capital acquired ServicePower, a McLean, Va.-based provider of mobile workforce management software"
" Associated Asphalt, a Roanoke, Va.-based supplier of liquid asphalt products backed by ArcLight Capital Partners, agreed to acquire Axeon Marketing, a provider of asphalts, polymer modified asphalts and asphalt emulsion. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" The Riverside Company acquired PracticeMojo, a provider of software for dental practices. Financial terms weren't disclosed"
" TA Associates made a minority investment in Retriever Medical/Dental Payments, a Valhalla, N.Y.-based provider of payment technology and merchant services for healthcare practitioners"
" Ship Supply International, a Miami-based provider of goods and services to the maritime industry, acquired Marine Trading Services, a South Hackensack, N.J.-based regional port logistics business. Ship Supply International is backed by H.I.G. Capital"
" Mercer Advisors, a Santa Barbara, Calif.-based national registered investment advisor firm backed by Genstar Capital, acquired Duckworth Wealth Advisors, a Newport Beach, Calif.-based family office offering investment management services"
 Saudi Arabia's public investment fund said it is not considering a bid for Six Flags Entertainment (NYSE:SIX). Read more
" Heineken (ENXTAM:HEIA) agreed to acquire Kirin Holdings’ (TSE:2503) Brazilian breweries for €1.025 billion ($1.09 billion), including debt. Read more at Fortune"
" FDO Holdings, a Smyrna, Ga.-based hard surface flooring and accessories retailer, filed to raise up to $150 million in an IPO. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol FND. BofA Merrill Lynch, Barclays, Credit Suisse, and UBS Investment Bank serve as the joint bookrunners on the deal"
" J.Jill, a Quincy, Mass.-based women's clothing retailer owned by TowerBrook Capital Partners, filed to raise up to $100 million in an IPO. It plans to list on the NYSE under the symbol JILL. BofA Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, and Jefferies are the joint bookrunners on the deal. No pricing terms were disclosed"
" Asia Germany Industrial Promotion Capital (AGIC), a Shanghai-based private equity firm, raised $1 billion for its debut fund"
 Bert Kwan has joined Northstar Group as a managing director. Kwan is the ex-managing director and head of Asean private equity at Standard Chartered Private Equity
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
It’s feedback time.
Here’s what Term Sheet readers had to say on….
"…Mike Moritz’s op-ed against carried interest, private equity and Stephen Schwarzman:"
"Anon writes: I have become slightly appalled with how some P.E. and buyout firms are trying to skirt paying taxes. It feels like the rich getting richer. Even if they are barely legal, it just doesn't seem right, does it?"
"Anon II writes: Worth noting that Sequoia Heritage -- essentially the multi-family office for some of Moritz’s Sequoia partners -- is an investor in private equity funds, including several that use debt to acquire companies and pay themselves dividends."
On The American Investment Council’s response:
"David writes: [Their argument on] carried interest taxation is kind of like saying “Just like every other group that gets a tax break they don’t really deserve benefits from said tax break, we (the direct and indirect beneficiaries of lower taxation of carried interest) also benefit from getting a tax break we don’t really deserve.”"
"As if taxing the P.E. Fund managers’ long-term, results-based bonus compensation like the rest of the world gets taxed on its bonus compensation would actually impact the pensions, charities and endowments. Such B.S."
…On Dick Costolo’s mea culpa about bullying on Twitter:
"Anon writes: I sincerely hope that journalists do not give ex-Twitter CEO Dick Costolo any sort of pass or latitude for his farcical reason to not tackle the bullying problem on Twitter. ""Not having the moral authority of a founder,"" what is the world coming to!?"
"…On the immigration executive order, and business world responses to it:"
"Chris S. says: Very interesting that VC's and start ups are so concerned about weighing in on political news - it's frankly ridiculous that they should feel like they have to respond. Since the election, I've had four Uber drivers, all immigrants, who were outspoken supporters of Trump. One was after the so-called “ban.” They all want change and progressives should not be able to put words in their mouths."
"Paul S writes: I would disagree with you that not responding is the same as support. Yes, this is true in some cases, but it’s not universal. The audience dynamic is the real driver. If your company/product caters to a highly political market, there may be a need to take sides. If it doesn’t, many times the “wait and see” approach is warranted. Rash decisions are rarely right. There seems to be impatience among CEO’s to be the first to espouse their personal beliefs - and it often trumps (no pun intended) the company."
…On L.A. tech and the Snap IPO:
"Ross says: Regarding L.A. locals missing out on ""homegrown"" opportunities, with The Honest Company, the answer probably lies more in the company’s advisors sensing the desire for a connection to Silicon Valley hands than any L.A. team dropping the ball. Same story for tech types looking to influence D.C. Sherpas reliably guide them to a predictable cast of characters."
"Mark writes: L.A. VC's are focused on leading lower risk deals.  They only have so much capital and there isn't much room to hide if they screw up.  They will happily follow higher risk deals that come from Silicon Valley that have essentially been de-risked by the earlier VCs. Silicon Valley VCs are much more willing to take on high risk deals.  They have more money, more ego and more company behind which to hide if one blows up."
On HPE’s “undercorn” acquisition of Simplivity:
"Marc writes: It still was a good win for investors despite the fall from Unicorndom. Based on Pitchbook's info on the six rounds of funding and some assumptions about the employee option pool, I estimate that the overall deal was a 2.4x return on aggregate capital invested (~19% Annual Rate of Return) and the founders walked away with north of $40 Million. It's a good strategic step for HPE as the competition from the likes of Nutanix will be pretty stiff. (I assume the last money in, a $175 million round at a $1.16 pre-money valuation, asked for a 1x liquidation preference and that the prior five rounds were all participating preferred.)"
"Christopher writes: My favorite term for most of the unicorns is ..... donkeys. It epitomizes the ridiculous hype around these companies that, on average, do not produce good returns for investors."
***
"Slick: It can be complicated and time-consuming to untangle private equity holdings. Wilbur Ross, President Trump’s nominee for Commerce Secretary, is simply going to keep some of his. Ross plans to hold stakes in 11 investments linked to W.L. Ross & Co., including oil-tanker company Diamond S. Shipping Group.  Diamond was a co-investment alongside the Chinese government’s sovereign wealth fund. As the Wall Street Journal notes: “Negotiating with and responding to China will be one of Mr. Ross’s responsibilities as commerce secretary.” Likewise, the commerce department has authority and responsibility to respond to oil spills. Ross said he would only recuse himself of working on oil spills if Diamond S Shipping was involved."
"Celebs, they’re just like you: Once you’re famous, any subsequent success in business will always come with an “actually” attached. Stories on Ashton Kutcher’s tech investments marvel at his “surprising” success, for example. This week, a Bloomberg story on football star Steve Young’s career as a private equity investor declares, whaddayaknow, he’s actually good at investing.  "
"Plenty of athletes and celebrities wind up as window dressing at investment firms, but Young is actually showing up and doing the work, seeing himself as “a deal guy first.” And yet, the story notes, he is still window dressing in a way: He says he continues to appear on ESPN, in part, because his private equity partners “like him to keep a high profile.”"
 Elon Musk: Humans need to merge with machines
" Credit Suisse cutting 5,500 more jobs"
 Janet Yellen heads to Congress with uncertainty about Trump’s policies
 Mattel and Alibaba partner up
 Aetna and Humana’s breakup fee: One billion dollars
 IBM CEO Ginny Rometti defends her role as a Trump advisor
…AND ELSEWHERE
Snap shrinks its long employee lock-up period (subscription required). Hotels recruit tech workers. Name dropping will backfire. “Shareholder spring.” Google’s self-driving car executives are quitting because the company paid them too much. The rise and fall of a K-street renegade.
" Nova Sciences Holdings, a Wakefield, Mass.-based industrial instrumentation company, raised $100 million from  Pamplona Capital Management and Ascent Venture Partners"
" 8i, a Wellington, New Zealand-based company that develops holographic technology for virtual and augmented reality, raised $27 million in Series B funding. Time Warner Investments led the round, and was joined by Baidu Ventures, Hearst Ventures, Verizon Ventures, One Ventures, Carsten Maschmeyer’s Seed & Speed Ventures, and existing investors"
" BirdEye, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based business reputation and customer experience platform, raised $25 million in funding. World Innovation Lab led the round, and was joined by Trinity Ventures"
" Samanage, a Cary, N.C.-based provider of enterprise service management software, raised $20 million in funding. Investors include Carmel Ventures, Gemini Israel Ventures, Marker LLC, Salesforce Ventures, and Vintage Investment Partners"
" Dedrone, a San Francisco-based drone detection technology company, raised $15 million in Series B funding. Felicis Ventures and John Chambers, executive chairman of Cisco (Nasdaq:CSCO), led the round"
" Dreamscape Immersive, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based virtual reality company, raised $11 million in funding, according to Variety. Bold Capital led the round, and was joined by  Warner Bros. 21st Century Fox, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, IMAX Corporation, Westfield Corporation, and Steven Spielberg. Read more"
" Sense.ly, a San Francisco-based developer of a virtual assistant app for patients, raised $8 million in a Series B funding. Chengwei Capital led the round, and was joined by the Mayo Clinic, Chengwei Capital, Bioved Ventures, Fenox Venture Capital, and the Stanford StartX fund"
" Flutura Business Solutions, a Benagluru, India-based IoT data analytics firm, raised Rs 50.13 crore ($7.5 million) in funding, according to The Economic Times. Vertex Ventures led the round, and was joined by Lumis Partners, and the The Hive. Read more"
" Miyoko's, a Fairfax, Calif.-based line of non-dairy cheeses, raised $6 million in funding. JMK Consumer Growth Partners led the round, and was joined by the CircleUp Growth Fund, Stray Dog Capital, and Obvious Ventures"
" ConsejoSano, a San Francisco-based health services navigation platform for Spanish speakers, raised $4.9 million in Series A funding, according to MobiHealthNews. 7wire Ventures led the round, and was joined by Tufts Health Ventures, TOTAL Impact Capital, Wanxiang Healthcare Investments, Acumen, Oxeon Partners, and Impact Engine. Read more"
" Wiretap, a Columbus, Ohio-based security intelligence platform, raised $3 million in Series A funding. Draper Triangle Ventures and Ohio Innovation Fund led the round"
" QD Solar, a Toronto-based solar technology company, raised C$2.5 million ($1.9 million) in Series A funding. DSM Venturing led the round, and was joined by MaRS innovation and KAUST Innovation Fund"
" Galore, a San Francisco-based mobile app that allows parents to book activities for their children, raised $1.65 million in seed funding. Norwest Venture Partners and DCM Ventures led the round"
" NanoSteel, a Providence, R.I.-based manufacturer of nano-structured steel alloys, raised an undisclosed amount in funding. GM Ventures led the round, and was joined by Lear Corporation (NYSE: LEA) and SPDG"
" Conductor Technologies, a Berkeley, Calif.-based maker of cloud rendering platforms used to make Hollywood films, raised an undisclosed amount in Series A funding. Walden Venture Capital led the round, and was joined by Autodesk (Nasdaq:ADSK)"
" Oncoinvent, an Oslo, Norway-based developer of antibody therapeutics for cancer patients, raised $25 million in funding. Investors include Geveran Trading, Canica, CGS Holding, Helene Sundt, and Must Invest"
" Apax Partners is in talks to acquire Syneron Medical (Nasdaq:ELOS) for $350 million to $400 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" WILsquare Capital acquired Error! Hyperlink reference not valid., a Minneapolis-based service provider for estate asset recoveries. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" KKR (NYSE:KKR) agreed to acquire Travelopia, a Crawley, U.K.-based tour operator"
" Bregal Sagemount acquired a majority stake in Single Digits, a Bedford, N.H.-based internet provider. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Blackstone Group and Carlyle Group are considering selling Service King Paint & Body, a Richardson, Texas-based auto repair-center operator, in a deal that could value the company at more than $2 billion, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" TPG and Leonard Green & Partners are considering selling CCC Information Services, a Chicago-based provider of software for auto-insurance claims, in a deal that could value the company at $3 billion, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" High Road Capital Partners completed its acquisition of Midwest Wholesale Hardware, a Kansas City, Mo.-based wholesale distributor of commercial hardware products"
" Riverside Partners acquired Medical Reimbursements of America, a Franklin, Tenn.-based provider of specialty reimbursement services for hospitals"
" CityMd Urgent Care, a New York City-based urgent care center chain, has retained JPMorgan Chase to advise it on a sale, according to peHUB. Warburg Pincus, KKR (NYSE:KKR) and UnitedHealth Group have discussed bids. Read more (subscription required)"
" Restaurant Brands International (NYSE:QSR), which owns the fast-food franchises Burger King and Tim Hortons, has approached Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen (Nasdaq:PLKI) to discuss making a possible takeover bid. Read more at Fortune"
" PSA Group (ENXTPA:UG), the Paris-based auto-manufacturer that makes Peugeot and Citroen cars, is considering a bid for General Motors’ (NYSE:GM) struggling Opel and Vauxhall car brands. Read more at Fortune"
" Recon Group, a Beijing-based umbrella organization owned by Tony Xia, is in talks to acquire the Los Angeles-based Millennium Films, according to Bloomberg, which has produced titles such as Olympus Has Fallen and The Expendables franchise. Read more"
" Quotient Clinical, a Nottingham, U.K.-based early-phase drug development services provider, acquired QS Pharma, a Boothwyn, Pa.-based contract development and manufacturing company, from Charles River Laboratories International (NYSE: CRL)"
" Grab, a Singapore-based ride-sharing company, is expected to announce that it has acquired Kudo, an Indonesian online payment startup, for over $100 million, according to Reuters. Kudo raised an undisclosed amount in funding from investors including 500 Startups and East Ventures. Read more"
" Salt Creek Capital completed its sale of Distinct Software Solutions, an Austin, Texas-based provider of marketing services for golf companies, to EZLinks Golf,  a Chicago-based online network for golf reservations and a subsidiary of PGA TOUR"
" Turnspire Capital Partners sold its ownership stake in Banker Steel, a Lynchburg, Va.-based provider of steel fabrication services, to Atlas Holdings. Terms weren’t disclosed"
 TSG Consumer Partners has promoted Mary Miller from vice president to principal
" Travis Brown has joined APFC as a member of the firm’s private equity and special opportunities team. Previously, Brown was at Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS)"
" Fabiana Cid de Andrade has joined First Avenue as a principal. Previously, Andrade was a vice president at Credit Suisse"
" Christopher Weidler resigned from his position as chief accounting officer and controller of the Apollo Global Management (NYSE:APO), according to an SEC filing. The filing states that Weidler's resignation is not a result of a disagreement on accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or internal controls. Elliott Russell, Apollo’s head of accounting policy, has been appointed interim chief accounting officer and controller"
" Fred Wang will join Adams Street Partners as a partner based in Menlo Park, California. Wang was previously managing partner at Trinity Ventures"
 Tricia M. Mackechnie has joined HarbourVest Partners as chief technology officer and a managing director. Previously Mackechnie was a senior vice president and CIO for The Hartford
 Sorenson Capital has promoted Peter Sturgeon to managing director
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
Soft-Tress: The big news in Term Sheet’s world this morning is SoftBank Group’s after-hours acquisition of Fortress Investment Group for $3.3 billion. Takes are rolling in hot and fast! (“Neither cheap nor wise!” “A smart acqui-hire!” “A curious strategy!”) Here’s mine:
"1. Nope, this isn’t part of SoftBank’s $100 billion Vision Fund. And no, the $100 billion Vision Fund isn’t closed yet. Rajeev Misra, the Vision Fund’s manager, is ex-Fortress. Meanwhile Fortress’s three principals, Pete Briger, Wes Edens and Randy Nardone will stay on."
"2. Fortress will operate as an independent subsidiary owned by SoftBank. The firm has $70 billion in assets under management, $14 billion of which are private equity. It makes me wonder whether SoftBank’s Vision Fund, which includes outside LPs and is expected to do private equity-style investments, would compete. I’m told there isn’t expected to be much overlap since Fortress primarily focuses on distressed assets and SoftBank on tech."
"3. Given the tech focus, this deal feels a bit random in that context. SoftBank is known for acquiring and investing in technology and telecom companies like Alibaba, Sprint, and ARM Holdings. But it’s worth noting that SoftBank owns all kinds of random things: Pepper the robot, several Asian ride-sharing startups, a big stake in Yahoo Japan, and a pro baseball team (Go Hawks!). CEO Masayoshi Son has described his vision for SoftBank as the “Berkshire Hathaway of tech.” This deal reminds us that SoftBank is actually the Berkshire Hathaway of whatever interests Son. The company stresses that his deals are simultaneously “bold” and “disciplined.”"
"AAPL M&A: Apple’s head of content Eddy Cue tamped down rumors that Apple would acquire a large media company at Recode’s Code Media conference yesterday. Speculation of such a deal has been flying since the fall, with perennial takeover targets like Netflix, Time Warner, Lionsgate and Sony Pictures in the mix."
One target that’s especially hot with traders is Disney. Perhaps because Disney CEO Bob Iger is on Apple’s board or because Laurene Powell Jobs owns more shares in Disney than she does in Apple. But the fact that Iger has no successor makes things trickier for any acquirer.
"Either way, it appears that for now, Apple is content to make its own content. Said Cue:"
"“We think we have a real opportunity in the TV space to do that with Apple Music and shows, and the things we're trying to do aren't being done by anybody else. ... So yes, to the extent if we wanted to do what everybody else is doing, then you’re right, we might be better off buying somebody or doing that."
"But that’s not what we're trying to do. We are trying to do something that’s unique, takes advantage of our platforms and that really brings culture to it.”"
"That includes an original show called “Planet of the Apps,” a “Shark Tank”-for-app-developers game show starring Jessica Alba, Gwyneth Paltrow, Gary Vaynerchuk, and Will.i.am. The show’s trailer was released yesterday to somewhat harsh mockery."
"The Airbnb Profits: This morning my colleague Leigh Gallagher shared some newsy details from her brand new book, The Airbnb Story: How Three Ordinary Guys Disrupted an Industry, Made Billions . . . and Created Plenty of Controversy."
"Last year Airbnb reported $100 million in EDBITDA on $1.7 billion in revenue. This year, the company projects $450 million in EBITDA on $2.78 billion in revenue. And by 2020, Airbnb expects to hit $8.5 billion in revenue with a whopping $3.5 billion in EBITDA."
"Those last two are just projections, but they make one thing very clear: The model works. While certain “sharing economy” business models (food delivery, on-demand anything, even ride-hailing) face a questionable path to profits, home-sharing is not one of them. To whit:"
"The net effect is that, according to sources familiar with the company, Airbnb's losses over the years have totaled less then $300 million in aggregate. By comparison, Uber was reportedly on track to lose $3 billion in 2016."
There’s more on Airbnb’s finances here. The Airbnb Story is out now.
"New Firm Alert: Fika Ventures, a Los Angeles-based seed firm, has raised $40 million for its debut fund. The firm’s general partners are Eva Ho, who previously co-founded Susa Ventures, and TX Zhou, who co-founded Karlin Ventures. Both have worked as operators – Ho co-founded startups Factual and Navigating Cancer and worked at Google and YouTube for five years after Google acquired Applied Semantics. Zhou was previously the CFO of Lit Motors. The firm’s limited partners include Cross Creek Advisors and Knollwood Investment Advisory, as well as 15 founders Ho and Zhou backed in prior funds."
"They started Fika to invest in seed-stage enterprise companies, noting that L.A.’s tech scene has thus far skewed e-commerce, digital media, and adtech. Fika is particularly keen to fund data-focused startups. “It used to be that data was only in the hands of the C-suite,” says Zhou. “But now it’s available to everyone in the organization, from the sales force to the people handling customer success.” That’s an opportunity for software companies."
"One thing Ho learned from her time at Susa Ventures is that acqui-hires aren’t always a great backup plan for investments “We made very fast bets into technical teams from schools like Stanford, thinking there would always be an acqui-hire outcome,” she said. But the amount of money and nurturing that goes into a company that ultimately takes an acqui-hire deal never pays off for the fund. “We’re screening for founders that have the mentality to do the long game and the opportunity to build something substantial,” she says. The firm has made three investments to date."
"The end: Staffjoy, a Y Combinator company that announced a round of seed funding just a month ago, has shut down. The company’s scheduling app for on-demand workforces was unable to compete for large enterprise contracts, it said. Staffjoy returned its cash to investors."
AT&TW: Time Warner shareholders will vote on the company’s merger with AT&T today at 3 Eastern.
 Machines eye Lebron James
 Janet Yellen says the Fed will soon say goodbye to QE
 The Nokia 3310 is coming back
" Meet Acorns, the latest robo-advisor app"
 Watch Drive.ai’s self-driving car in action
 The six biggest corporate breakups of the past year
" Michael Simon, co-founder of LogMeIn, joins SessionM board"
….AND ELSEWHERE
"The limits of divestiture as an antitrust remedy. Banker bonus DENIED. So much for the great unbundling, welcome to the great rebundling. Smart desks know when you’re working. The horror of in-flight phone calls."
" AirTrunk, a Singapore-based data center company, raised $400 million in funding from Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) and TPG, according to The Australian Financial Review"
" Top Hat, a Toronto-based teaching platform provider, raised $22.5 million in Series C funding. Investors include Union Square Ventures, Emergence Capital, Georgian Partners, iNovia Capital, Golden Venture Partners, Version One Ventures, and SoftTech VC"
" MealPal, a New York City-based subscription meal service, raised $15 million in Series A funding. Comcast Ventures led the round, and was joined by Bessemer Venture Partners, Haystack Partners, and NextView Ventures"
" Minute Media, a sports media company, raised $15 million in funding. Qumra Capital led the round, and was joined by Battery Ventures, Dawn Capital, and ProSieben"
" Rokt, an Australian digital marketing company, raised $15 million in Series B funding. Moelis Australia Asset Management led the round, and was joined by Time Inc. (NYSE: TIME), Square Peg Capital, and angel investors"
" Komprise, a Campbell, Calif.-based developer of data-management software, raised $12 million in Series B funding. Walden International led the round, and was joined by Canaan Partners and angel investors"
" Simba Sleep, a London-based “high-tech” mattress company, raised £9 million ($10.6 million) in funding from Henderson Global Investors, Numis Securities, and angel investors"
" ZestMoney, a Bengaluru, India-based fintech company, raised $6.5 million in a Series A  funding. PayU led the round, and was joined by Ribbit Capital and Omidyar Network"
" NewsWhip, a Dublin-based startup that tracks news shared via social media, raised $6.4 million in Series A funding. Tribal led the round, and was joined by the Associated Press"
" mClinica, a Manila-based developer of a mobile app for pharmaceutical companies, raised $6.3 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Unitus Impact led the round, and was joined by Global Innovation Fund, MDI Ventures, Endeavor, 500 Startups, IMJ Investment Partners, and Kickstart Ventures. Read more"
" Curated Shopping Group, a German men’s ecommerce retailer, raised €6 million ($6.3 million) in funding from Auden AG, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" Voonik Technologies, a Bengaluru, India-based fashion marketplace, raised $6 million in funding from RB Investments and Sequoia Capital"
" Electric Cloud, a San Jose, Calif.-based software provider, raised $6 million in funding from Wellington Financial"
" SmartUp.io, a U.K.-based online learning platform that incorporates gamification, raised $5.5 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Notion Capital and Hong Leong Group led the round, with participation from angel investors. Read more"
" Get Spiffy, a Research Triangle Park, N.C.-based maker of an app for on- demand car washes and detailing services, raised $5 million in Series A funding. Bull City Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Development 72, IDEA Fund Partners, and Industry Ventures"
" Gamalon, a Boston-based provider of statistical machine learning software, raised $4.45 million in seed funding from a group of angel investors, including Steve Blank"
" Pleo, a London-based fintech startup, raised $3.25 million in funding. Creandum led the round"
" Perfect Channel, a London-based developer of auction and trading technology, raised £2 million ($2.4 million) in funding from Beringea and UIL Limited"
" Orreco, a Sligo, Ireland-based sports and data science company, raised $2 million in Series A funding from True Ventures"
" Exceed.ai, an Israeli developer of chatbots for marketing, raised $1.5 million in funding from Glilot Capital Partners"
" Kado, an Israeli startup developing charging technology for smartphones, tablets, and laptops, raised $1.2 million in seed funding from AltaIR Capital"
" IOVOX, a London-based call analytics company, raised $10 million in equity and debt funding from Octopus Ventures, SF Capital, and Silicon Valley Bank"
" Intuition Robotics, an Israeli developer of social-companion robots, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from iRobot (NASDAQ: IRBT) and OurCrowd, which brings its total funding to $6 million"
" Surrozen, a San Francisco-based biopharmaceutical company focused on developing drugs that repair human tissues, raised $33 million in Series A funding. The Column Group led the round"
" FreshTracks Capital invested in THINKMD, a Burlington, Vt.-based maker of a point-of-care clinical assessment tool for gathering patient information"
" Zenith American Solutions, a Mokena, Ill.-based third-party employee benefits administrator, acquired Pacific Federal, a Glendale, Calif.-based employee benefits company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Zenith American Solutions is backed by Water Street Healthcare Partners"
" Carnelian Energy Capital Management invested an undisclosed amount in Grit Oil & Gas Partners, a Houston-based oil and natural gas company"
" Platinum Equity agreed to acquire Interior Logic Group, an Atlanta-based provider of turn-key design, from MSouth Equity Partners, according to the Moody's report"
" LFM Capital acquired Heartland Steel Products, a manufacturer of steel storage, tubing, and security products"
" H.I.G. Capital acquired the assets of Xtera Communications (OTCPK:XCOM.Q), an Allen, Texas-based optical networking company that filed for bankruptcy in November"
" IBS Investment Bank, a Fort Lauderdale-based private equity firm, will acquire and manage the assets of MACC Venture Partners, a Gastonia, North Carolina based multifamily owner-operator and launch a new $100 million fund called MACCVP Capital Equity Fund"
" Cliqz, German maker of a privacy browser, has agreed to acquire certain consumer-facing assets New York City startup Ghostery. Terms were not disclosed. Ghostery Inc, is changing its name to Evidon, and focusing on enterprise technology. Evidon is backed by Warburg Pincus"
" Vita Coco, a New York City-based coconut water company, expects to bring in around $1 billion in sales this year, according to Bloomberg. The company, whose shareholders include Reignwood Group and Verlinvest, is readying itself for a sale, although an IPO is also a possibility. Read more"
" SoftBank Group (TSE:9984) agreed to buy Fortress Investment Group (NYSE:FIG) for $3.3 billion. At $8.08 per share, SoftBank’s offer values the company at a 39% premium to its Feb. 13 closing price. Read more at Fortune"
" Nuance Communications (Nasdaq:NUAN) acquired mCarbon Tech Innovations, a New Delhi-based mobile media company, for around $36 million, according to The Economic Times. Read more"
" Integra LifeSciences Holdings (Nasdaq:IART) has made an all-cash offer to acquire Johnson & Johnson's (NYSE:JNJ) Codman neurosurgery business for $1.05 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Trian has taken a $3.5 billion stake in Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), according to Reuters. Read more"
" Walmart (NYST: WMT) has agreed to acquire Moosejaw, a Madison Heights, Mich.-based online retailer of outdoor goods, for $51 million"
" Apollo Global Management (NYSE:APO) hired Deutsche Bank AG and Credit Suisse Group AG to solicit acquisition offers for Chuck E. Cheese, an Irving, Texas-based family restaurant franchise. The firm also hired Jefferies and Morgan Stanley to ready the company for an IPO, if it’s unable to receive an acquisition offer of less than $2 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Leonard Green & Partners and CVC Capital Partners are hiring investment bankers to help it sell BJ Wholesale Club, a Westborough, Mass.-based operator of wholesale warehouse clubs, or take the company public, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" E2open, a Foster City, Calif.-based provider of on-demand software for supply chain management, acquired Steelwedge, a Pleasanton, Calif.-based provider of cloud services for supply chain management. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. E2open is backed by Insight Venture Partners. Steelwedge raised $50.5 million in venture funding from investors including Sigma Partners and Camden Partners"
" Accion Venture Lab sold its stake in Clip, a Mexico City-based provider of digital payment services to small and medium-sized businesses in Mexico, to an undisclosed buyer. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Marwit Capital sold Arc Machines, a Los Angeles-based manufacturer of orbital welding equipment, to ESAB Welding & Cutting Products"
" Allergan (NYSE: AGN) agreed to acquire Zeltiq Aesthetics (Nasdaq: ZLTQ), a Pleasanton, Calif.-based medical technology company, for $2.48 billion in cash, according to Reuters. At $56.50 per share, the deal represents a  14.4% premium over the company’s closing price Friday. Read more"
 PayPal Holdings (Nasdaq: PYPL) agreed to acquire TIO Networks (TSXV: TNC) for C$304 million ($233 million)
" Dyal Capital Partners, Neuberger Berman Group’s private equity division, raised $5.3 billion for its third fund, Dyal Capital Partners III"
" Veritas Capital, a New York City-based private equity firm, raised $3.55 billion for its sixth fund, Veritas Capital Fund VI"
" Direct Capital Private Equity, an Auckland-based private equity and venture capital firm, raised NZ$375 million ($270 million) for Direct Capital V, its fifth mid-market fund"
 Greenspring Associates has promoted Hunter Somerville from principal to partner
" Ryan Lucero has joined Frazier Healthcare Partners as a vice president. In addition, the firm has promoted Philip Zaorski to vice president"
" Jon Ma has joined SignalFire as an investor. Previously, Ma was an investor at Insight Venture Partners"
" Michael Leonardo has joined Sixpoint Partners as a vice president. In addition, the firm has promoted Sean Joffe and Ryan Carey to directors, and Ben Newman to vice president"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Snap goes low: Either Snap is setting itself up for a big pop, or the company’s underwriters are nervous about how the market reacted to Snap’s slowing growth and major losses."
Snap will sell as many as 230 million shares (including 30 million for the underwriters) at between $14 and $16 a share for a total offering of $3.6 billion at the top of the range. This gives the company a valuation of between $16.20 billion and $18.52 billion. Remember: Snap’s last private market valuation is $25 billion.
"At every turn, CEO Evan Spiegel has done the exact opposite of what’s expected from traditional Silicon Valley companies. He based his company in L.A. He’s building wearable technology when that category has been deemed a dead fad. He’s fiercely private in an era where “transparency,” or at least the idea of transparency, is king. He makes product decisions on gut feel rather than data and extensive A/B testing. And he’s going public in an era where nobody wants to go public."
"You could argue that this morning’s news is that again. Remember how, right before its IPO, Facebook’s underwriters got a little greedy, boosting the company’s already-expensive listing price and valuation at the last minute? And remember how, despite pitching the listing as “The People’s IPO,” a full 57% of Facebook shares sold came from insiders dumping their stock? By contrast, secondary shares only represent 27.5% of Snap’s float."
"Pricing Snap below its last private valuation is a conservative move, even though the company knows demand for its IPO – or any hot tech IPO – is high. I’m told most of the shares Snap is selling are already spoken for: Two large “non-traditional” investors have claimed $500 million each, while the traditional funds (Fidelity/Wellington/T. Rowe Price etc.) are buying $1 billion, leaving the remaining $1.6 billion for “everyone else.”"
"But this also means Snap won’t look so greedy if it raises its proposed share price after the road show. At any rate, that’s what investors that bought in at $25 billion have to be hoping for."
"For now, Snap is slightly less expensive. My colleague Jen Wieczner emails:"
"Snap's future shareholders won't be taking quite as much risk by buying into the maker of the disappearing message app, which lost $515 million at its bottom line last year. At a valuation of $18.5 billion, Snap stock would trade at 46 times sales, not quite as sky high as the price-to-sales ratio of 62 that we previously computed. (If Snap prices at the low end of its range at $14 per share, giving it a valuation of $16.2 billion, it would trade at 40 times sales.)"
"While Snap's IPO will by no means be cheap, that price-to-sales valuation puts it in line with Twitter (twtr) at that social media company's IPO, with Twitter stock debuting at about 45 times the company's sales."
"At any rate, those investing in Snap are not investing because of its business fundamentals today. They’re investing because they believe CEO Evan Spiegel is a product genius who understands how young people want to consume media better than anyone else, and that that vision and foresight will pay off (somehow!) down the road."
"New fund alert: Three years ago Goodwater Capital made a big bet that the “software is eating the world” thesis did not mean the opportunity to make money on consumer internet startups was over. Rather, the expansion of software into every possible industry would expand investment opportunities for consumer internet startups. That led Goodwater, which invests in Series A and B rounds, to back 16 fast-growing consumer-facing companies including Musical.ly and Zumper. The firm has not announced any exits to date but expects some in the next few quarters."
"Today the San Mateo firm announces it has raised its second fund with $250 million in commitments. That’s a big step up from its first fund, a $130 million vehicle closed in 2014. Managing directors Chi-Hua Chien and Eric Kim do not plan to add more partners. The larger fund allows them to follow-on, investing up to $40 million in their portfolio companies over time."
"“The definition of consumer technology was largely e-commerce and consumer audience businesses,” Chien says. “We’ve seen an expansion of that thesis such that consumer tech now is a horizontal- not a niche -- that touches every industry out there, including transportation, financial services, health care, real estate, and cosmetics.”"
"Adds Kim: “Five to seven years ago, it would have been laughable to consider transportation to a consumer tech category.” Goodwater is looking closely at changing consumption habits in video and financial services."
"In order to stay on top of what the kids are into, Kim says the firm has a rule: Never say “I would or would not use that product.” They know they’re not the target demographic for many of the products they invest in. Rather, the firm uses deep consumer research to guide its decisions. “The consumer is the ultimate judge,” Kim says."
"Verihoo: Verizon will cut the price of its $4.8 billion acquisition of Yahoo by somewhere between $200 million and $300 million, according to varying reports. That’s good news for Yahoo – it means the deal might actually happen after months of uncertainty and public hints from certain Verizon executives. Verizon gets to say it extracted a punishment from the company for not disclosing its major hacking during diligence. As my colleague Aaron Pressman joked, Verizon makes around $250 million in revenue every 18 hours."
  Why Apple may still need to do a big media deal
  The world’s most overrated and underrated CEOs
  Fortune’s latest cover story: The promise and peril of the Trump economy
  The world’s most admired companies
  How Sanofi lost out to J&J in the $30 billion battle for Actelion
  Big business is caught in Donald Trump’s political limbo
…AND ELSEWHERE
Why is India so obsessed with crimes committed by software engineers? How employee referral programs kill diversity. Data nerds struggle to gain power at hedge funds. Uber gives restless employees a way to cash out. Apple struggles to make big deals. Why Apple hasn’t revolutionized television. Time Warner shareholders approve AT&T merger.
" Lytro, a Mountain View, Calif.-based developer of consumer light field cameras, raised $60 million in Series D funding. Blue Pool Capital led the round, and was joined by EDBI, Huayi Media, Foxconn Technology Group, Andreessen Horowitz, NEA, GSV, North Bridge, and Qualcomm Ventures"
" uShip, an Austin, Texas-based online shipping marketplace, raised $25 million in Series D funding. DB Schenker led the round"
" Caavo, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based maker of a device that brings together multiple TV streaming services, raised $15 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include DCM, Greylock, Sky, and Hearst Ventures. Read more"
" IntSights, an Israeli cybersecurity company, raised $15 million in Series B funding. Investors included Glilot Capital Partners, Blackstone, Blumberg Capital, Wipro, and Vintage Investment Partners"
" OpenFin, a New York City-based provider of technology services for financial desktop applications, raised $15 million in Series B funding. Investors include Bain Capital Ventures, DRW Venture Capital, J.P. Morgan, Euclid Opportunities, Nyca Partners, Pivot Investment Partners, and angel investors"
" Exactuals, a Los Altos, Calif.-based SaaS payment platform, raised $10.6 million in Series B funding from Entertainment Partners, City National, and TTV Capital"
" Immuta, a College Park, Md.-based unified data platform, raised $8 million in Series A funding. Drive Capital led the round, and was joined by Greycroft Partners and Conversion Capital"
" ReplyYes, a Seattle-based ecommerce mobile messaging platform, raised $6.5 million in Series A funding. Madrona Venture Group led the round, and was joined by Cross Culture Ventures, Lowercase Capital, Muse Capital, and Arnold Venture Group"
" StockX, a Detroit-based online marketplace for buying sneakers, raised $6 million in funding. Investors include Mark Wahlberg, Eminem, Steve Case, Tim Armstrong, Scooter Braun, Courtside Ventures, and Detroit Venture Partners. Read more at Fortune"
" Truebil, an Indian marketplace for selling used cars, raised $3 million in post-Series A funding from Shunwei Capital, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Evollve, a Redondo Beach, Calif-based maker of robot toolkits, raised $3 million in a Series A funding. Tribeca Venture Partners led the round"
" MiDrive, a U.K. marketplace for driving instructors, raised £2 million ($2.5 million) in funding, according to TechCrunch. Initial Capital led the round. Read more"
" Mylestone, a Boston-based company that makes memories accessible via Amazon's Alexa and other virtual assistants, raised $2.5 million in funding. True Ventures led the round, and was joined by Founder Collective, Boston Seed Capital, Converge Ventures, and Mergelane"
" GluSense, an Israeli medical device company focused on treating diabetes, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from the JDRF T1D Fund"
" Xcell Biosciences, a San Francisco-based biotech company developing technology to study cancer cells, raised $12 million in Series A funding. HBM Genomics led the round"
" Paradigm Diagnostics, a Phoenix-based provider of molecular information, raised an additional $3 million in Series B funding from New Science Ventures. This item has been corrected to identify the correct website and description of Paradigm Diagnostics. The company is not based in St. Paul, Minn."
"Blackstone (NYSE:BX) acquired a majority stake in Cloudreach, a London-based cloud computing company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Read more at Fortune."
" Veronis Suhler Stevenson has invested in VKidz Holdings, a Ft. Lauderdale, Fla.-based provider of curriculum and supplementary programs to homeschool families and elementary schools"
" H.I.G. Growth Partners has invested in AdTheorent, a New York City-based ad network for digital advertisers and publishers"
" Cimbria Capital has invested in AMI Global, a Las Vegas-based IoT company"
" Covey Park Energy, a Dallas-based oil and gas exploration and production company backed by Denham Capital Management, acquired assets from Chesapeake Exploration, a subsidiary of Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE:CHK), for $465 million"
" NBCUniversal, the U.S. media conglomerate owned by Comcast (Nasdaq:CMCS.A) is advanced talks to acquire a 25% stake in Euronews, a France-based broadcaster, for approximately $30 million in reserved shares. Read more at Fortune"
" Universal, NBCUniversal’s studio film division, agreed to acquire a minority stake in Amblin Partners, a Universal City, Calif.-based film production company cofounded by Steven Spielberg. Read more at Fortune"
" Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) purchased a 15% stake in MDC Partners (Nasdaq:MDCA) for $95 million. In November, MDC Partners hired Liontree Advisors to evaluate its financial and capital structure strategy"
" Snap Inc, a Venice, Calif.-based maker of the popular messaging app Snapchat, set its IPO terms. The company is seeking to sell around 200 million Class A share priced within the range of $14-$16 per share, which values the company at between $16.20 billion and $18.52 (significantly below its expected valuation of $20 billion to $25 billion.) Read more at Fortune"
" Canada Goose, a Toronto-based winter apparel maker backed by Bain Capital, has filed for an IPO. The company, which used a $100 million placeholder, plans to trade on the NYSE and Toronto Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GOOS. CIBC Capital Markets, Credit Suisse, Goldman, Sachs & Co., and RBC Capital Markets are the joint bookrunners on the deal"
" Ascendum Solutions, a Cincinnati-based IT provider, agreed to acquire Sourcebits, a San Francisco-based software company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Sourcebits raised $10 million in venture funding from backers including Sequoia Capital and IDG Ventures India"
" Capgemini (ENXTPA:CAP), a consulting, technology and outsourcing company, acquired Idean, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based digital strategy and experience design consultancy. Sellers include Norvestia (HLSE:NORVE)"
" AXIO Group, an Epiris-portfolio company, sold OAG, a U.K.-based provider of aviation information and intelligence, to Vitruvian Partners for approximately $215 million"
" Atomico, a London-based venture capital firm, raised $765 million for its fourth fund, Atomico IV. Read more at Fortune"
" True Wind Capital Management, a San Francisco-based investment firm, raised around $560 million for its debut fund"
" PeakEquity Partners, a Radnor, Pa.-based private equity firm, raised $137 million for its first fund, PeakEquity Partners Fund I"
" Dave Prendergast has joined Waud Capital Partners as a vice president. Previously, he was a vice president at Great Point Partners"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"The following is from the latest print edition of Fortune, where I write a regular column about technology and startups called “💥Boom with a View💥.”"
"There’s an easy way to tell when the hype around a technology trend has peaked. Ask yourself the following: Are the smartest venture capitalists complaining about valuations? Are big tech companies snapping up startups so young they can barely be considered real businesses? Are Fortune 500 executives talking about their [insert trend here] strategy? If the answer to any of these questions is yes, congratulations! You’ve identified a fad. A small, lucky handful of early movers will ride it to untold riches. By the time the rest of us find out about the phenomenon, it’s too late."
"Consider, then, today’s hot trend: Artificial intelligence. Venture capitalists across the country are parroting the phrase “AI is the new mobile.” Andrew Ng, chief scientist of Baidu, the Chinese Internet services company, declared that AI is “the new electricity.”"
"The more intensely tech thought leaders proclaim that a trend is here to stay, the more rapidly it tends to vanish. (Daily deals were “the future of commerce.” SoLoMo—social, local, mobile—was “the future of marketing.” On-demand services were “the future of work.” Chatbots were “the future of customer service.”)"
"And yet the smart money continues its embrace of AI startups. Last year VCs invested $5 billion in 658 companies, a 61% increase over the year prior, according to CB Insights. Acquirers are getting aggressive too. Last year corporations, mostly big tech companies, bought at least 40 AI startups, a trend that’s expected to continue in 2017. Identifying AI acquisitions is a top priority for Don Harrison, head of corporate development at Google. “We’re definitely AI-first,” he says, noting that price is not a sticking point. “We pay attention to [valuation] but don’t necessarily worry about it.”"
"The fact that AI often lacks a clear business case doesn’t matter. “These are not businesses,” says John Somorjai, executive vice president of corporate development at Salesforce, which has acquired a handful of AI companies. “These [deals] are about technology and talent.”"
"Years ago we marveled at the valuations of money-losing mobile startups and snickered at the lack of a business model at companies like Android, which Google bought in 2005 for around $50 million. Things have changed: Today we expect every company to have a mobile strategy because the very premise is a given. Meanwhile Android is the most popular mobile operating system in the world."
"Will artificial intelligence be a given in the years to come? Is AI a short-lived fad on par with SoLoMo—or a revolution like mobile? If companies and investors believe the latter, they should be pouring money into the technology. In five years artificial intelligence could exist as a layer of capability atop every business process, from customer service and marketing to product development and sales, across every industry. And then it will be clear that the lucky early movers weren’t just riding a fad to riches—they were shaping the future."
***
"The beginning: Krisha, “Kittu” Kolluri has a new fund. Kolluri left NEA last year after a decade of investing with the firm. (His exited deals included Aerohive Networks, Box, Vuclip, Climate Corporation, PortAuthority, and Braintree.) When he left, he wrote he was ready to begin a “new chapter” that would “no doubt include some familiar themes, but the story will be mine to write.”"
"Now he’s raising $90 million for a new fund, according to an SEC filing. The firm is called Neotribe Ventures. Based in Palo Alto, it has already backed six enterprise technology companies, according to its website: Rupert Labs, Fortanix, Kemvi, Next, Quiet Signal, and Wyebot. Jerry Yang, Venky Harinarayan, and Anand Rajaraman are listed as special partners to the fund with Srihar Tayur as an advisor."
"The end: Beepi, a startup for selling used cars online, is dead, the Wall Street Journal reports. Cause of death: Growing too fast. At its peak, Beepi had 300 employees and a revenue run rate of $200 million. But the company burned through its $150 million in venture funding. In December, Beepi announced it would lay off staff and merge with a new startup called Fair.com. That deal fell through. Oh, and the $70 million investment the company announced last January from SAIC Motor Corporation, a Chinese automaker? That deal apparently fell apart too. And because three makes a trend, that $300 million funding Beepi announced in May of 2015 never quite came to fruition either. The lesson here, besides “don’t grow too fast,” might be “don’t announce your deals before they’re done.”"
"Mark your calendar: The Snap IPO prices on Wednesday, March 1 and lists on Thursday, March 2."
"Socialize: In hopes that Twitter's new anti-bullying tools are a positive step forward for the platform, why not join me there. We can discuss the Snap IPO, or Verizon-Yahoo, or really anything other than politics. Also, Term Sheet accepts (and investigates!) anonymous tips."
"Regret the error: Yesterday’s Term Sheet said Goodwater Capital’s first fund had $150 million in commitments; it has $130 million. Also, we linked to the wrong Paradigm Diagnostics. This is the right one."
Lastly: We are off Monday for the holiday. Have a great weekend!
 A knockout in the biotech fight of the century
 Starbucks stock loses its buzz
 This morning Unilever rejected the largest merger proposal of all time from Kraft Heinz — a $143 billion takeover offer. Kraft is owned 3G Capital. Read more at Fortune
Fortune feature: Unilever’s plan to save the world
 Tech jobs took a big hit last year
 3 execs to watch after Samsung CEO's arrest
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Y Combinator expects the total value of its graduates to be worth $100 billion this year. What is Nelson Peltz up to with P&G? Bee mogul confronts crisis. Theranos: No revenue in 2015 or 2016, $200 million left in the bank. David Plouffe fined for violating Chicago ethics rules as Uber’s lobbyist."
" Upstream, a London-based mobile commerce platform, raised €25 million ($26.6 million) in growth funding from the European Investment Bank"
" Soundtrack Your Brand, a Stockholm-based startup co-founded by Spotify that provides background music streaming services to businesses, raised a $22 million in funding. Industrifonden and Balderton Capital led the round, with participation from Telia Company, Northzone, Creandum, HMP, and Jörg Mohaupt"
" Opal, a Portland, Ore.-based collaboration platform for marketing teams, raised $15.5 million in Series B funding. Accel led the round"
" Plays.tv, a Redwood City, Calif.-based developer of gaming software, raised $15 million in Series A funding. Shasta Ventures led the round, and was joined by the San Francisco 49ers, Jeremy Lin, Accel Partners, Tenaya Capital, DAG Ventures, and Founders Fund"
" TetraVue, a Carlsbad, Calif.-based 3D camera technology company, raised $10 million in Series A funding. Robert Bosch Venture Capital and Nautilus Venture Partners led the round, with participation from Samsung Catalyst Fund and Foxconn"
" Brightwheel, a San Francisco-based developer of communication software for teachers, raised $10 million in Series A funding. GGV Capital led the round, and was joined by the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, ICONIQ, Eniac Ventures, Golden Venture Partners, Lowercase Capital, Mark Cuban Companies, RRE Ventures, and angel investors"
" YotaScale, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based cloud computing startup, raised $3.6 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Engineering Capital, Pelion Ventures, and angel investors. Read more"
" Sportsrocket, a New York City-based platform for managing digital sports video distribution, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Richard Branson"
"ts_bullet_primary] Rhythm, a Boston-based biopharmaceutical company developing peptide therapeutics for metabolic disorders, raised $41 million in funding. Investors include Deerfield Management, Ipsen, OrbiMed, MPM Capital, New Enterprise Associates, Pfizer Venture Investments, Third Rock Ventures, and an undisclosed public healthcare investment fund."
" Dauntless Pharmaceuticals, a San Diego, Calif.-based biopharmaceutical company developing therapeutics for endocrine cancers, raised $25 million in funding. Canaan Partners led the round, and was joined by Sofinnova"
" W.W. Williams Company, a Columbus, Ohio-based distributor of industrial products backed by One Equity Partners, acquired Auto Safety House, a Phoenix-based vehicle maintenance service and parts provider. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Mapletree Investments acquired Oakwood Worldwide, a Los Angeles-based provider of temporary corporate housing. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Infogix, a Naperville, Ill.-based data and analytics software provider backed by Thoma Bravo, acquired Data3Sixty, a Westwood, Mass. cloud-based data governance provider. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is close to reaching a revised deal to acquire Yahoo’s (Nasdaq:YHOO) core internet business for between $250 million and $350 million less than the original price, following revelations of two cyber attacks, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Sunrise Brands has made a bid for The Limited, a New Albany, Ohio-based retailer that filed for bankruptcy in January, according to Reuters. The company has already received a $26.3 million takeover offer from Sycamore Partners. Read more"
" Huron (Nasdaq: HURN) acquired Innosight, a Lexington, Mass.-based provider of growth consulting services, for $100 million, with an additional $35 million in performance-related incentives"
" Tinder, the dating app owned by IAC (Nasdaq:IAC), acquired Wheel, a free social media app for creating “video stories.” Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Read more at Fortune"
" Verizon (NYSE:VZ) acquired Skyward, a Portland, Ore.-based operations management platform for commercial drones. Skyward raised $8.15 million in venture funding from investors including Voyager Capital, Draper Associates, and Norwest Venture Partners"
" Airbnb confirmed prior reports that it will acquire Luxury Retreats, a Canadian travel booking company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed, but previous media reports value the deal at between $200 and $300 million. Luxury Retreats raised $16 million in VC funding from iNovia Capital"
" HgCapital, a London-based private investment firm, closed two funds. It raised £2.5 billion ($3.1 billion) for HgCapital 8, and £575 million ($714 million) for HgCapital Mercury "
" Cervin Ventures, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based early-stage venture firm, raised $56 million for its latest fund"
" Jason Pyle, Paul Zorner, Sam Fiorello, and Tom Urban have joined Radicle, a San Diego, Calif.-based accelerator and venture capital firm, as venture partners"
 Longitude Capital promoted Dr. Josh Richardson to managing director
 Jeff Gutke has joined Talara Capital Management as a managing director
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Welcome back from the long weekend, those of you who had yesterday off. Lots to catch up on:"
"Pent-Up Distrust: When the hashtag #DeleteUber went viral last month, venture investors largely shrugged. The thinking went that Uber didn’t deserve the backlash it got for its poor handling of the immigration protests and related taxi driver strike. To be clear: Nobody thought Uber was a victim. Rather, investors blamed the #DeleteUber outrage on pent-up anger and distrust, something Uber has earned over the years with early opportunistic surge pricing incidents, reported privacy violations and threats to dig up dirt on journalists, a sexist ad campaign, fines for insufficient driver background checks and its handling of sexual assault charges, sparring with regulators, reported sabotage of competitors, complaints over the company’s treatment of its drivers, and of course, the “boob-er” comment. Now, anytime Uber stumbles, it does not get the benefit of the doubt."
"Last month’s political stumble pales in comparison to the situation Uber encountered this weekend, when Susan Fowler Rigetti, a former engineer at the company, outlined her experience of sexual harassment and gender discrimination while working at Uber. Her description of inappropriate behavior, repeated sexism, and the HR department’s dismissal of her documented complaints paint a picture of an ugly, toxic work environment. And in the context of Uber’s past bad behavior, it’s no surprise the post went viral."
"It puts CEO Travis Kalanick in a no-win position: He either knew about it, which makes him complicit in, at best, a total mishandling of the situation, or he didn’t, which makes him clueless. He chose the latter, responding that this is the “first time this has come to my attention.” He announced Covington & Burling lawyers Tammy Albarrán and former Attorney General Eric Holder would conduct an investigation. Holder recently helped Airbnb handle racial discrimination on its platform; last year he sent letters to local and state officials asking them not to require fingerprint background checks for Uber drivers."
"The tech world will be watching to see if Uber merely apologizes and waits for this to blow over – as it did after the Emil Michael scandal – or if the investigation results in action. As Amy Tsai, an engineer at Yelp, noted on Twitter, inclusion isn’t about hiring more women – it’s about firing sexist employees, no matter how “high-performing” they are."
"In an email to staff, Kalanick revealed that 15.1% of Uber’s engineering, product management, and scientist employees are women. He hinted at a desire to hit reset on Uber’s culture: “What is driving me through all this is a determination that we take what's happened as an opportunity to heal wounds of the past and set a new standard for justice in the workplace.”"
"The Media and Private Equity: Texas Monthly is taking some heat for its decision to scale back the magazine’s political coverage and amp up lifestyle coverage because, according to its new editor, “Texans don’t care about politics.” (There’s also a Twitter back-and-forth about whether the quote was out of context.)"
"It’s relevant to Term Sheet readers because the company is owned by Genesis Park, a Houston-based buyout firm created by Paul Hobby. Genesis bought the magazine from Emmis Communications in October 2016 for $25 million. Given the current tensions surrounding President Trump’s take on the media’s role in government, owners and buyers of media properties – be they vanity projects, investments intended to turn a profit, or otherwise, should beware the heightened sensitivity and scrutiny."
"IPO: Mulesoft, a San Francisco enterprise software company, has filed to go public. If all goes as planned (meaning Snap goes public, and nobody swoops in and buys Mulesoft the night it’s supposed to price a la AppDynamics), this will mark the second public exit of 2017 for Lightspeed, which owns 17.1% of Mulesoft and 8.3% of Snap.  Other MuleSoft investors: Hummer Winblad owns 15.8%, NEA owns 14.3%, Morganthanler Partners owns 7.5%, Sapphire Ventures owns 6.8% and Bay Partners owns 6.3%."
"Mulesoft reported $187.7 million in revenue last year, a 77% increase over the year prior, and a net loss of $50.4 million. The company has 841 employees and counts integration software vendors such as IBM, Oracle, and TIBCO, as well as Apigee, which Google acquired, as its competitors. This item has been corrected with adjusted share percentages for Mulesoft's investors.   "
"Conscious uncoupling: The last issue of Term Sheet didn’t have time for much analysis of Friday morning’s surprise mega-merger, wherein 3G Capital-backed Kraft Heinz bid $143 billion for Unilever. Alas. Unilever promptly and publicly rejected the bid for having no financial or strategic merit. Rather than raise its bid over the weekend, Kraft officially rescinded its offer."
"The two companies put out a lovey-dovey joint release, noting they “hold each other in high regard.” Mergers are often talked about in romantic terms; in this case, Kraft got dumped before the first date and both parties are pretending the breakup is mutual. A couple of notes:"
"1. This deal was supposed to be the Anheuser-Busch-InBev-SABMiller of food. Remember: When 3G and Anheuser first tried to buy SAB Miller, they were rebuffed. But they were patient, kept pushing, and were rewarded for it. That’s why no one expected Kraft to back down this quickly. However, Unilever reportedly viewed Kraft’s unsolicited, public bid as hostile. Kraft’s other backer, Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway, is famously opposed to hostile takeovers."
2. Why would Unilever bother with the “high regard” shenanigans? Bloomberg Gadfly posits that Unilever might want to sell some of its slower-growth food businesses to Kraft in the future. Kraft is all food; Unilever is 60% personal care and home goods.
"3. A big hurdle to this deal was union jobs. A Unilever union invoked the “Cadbury rule,” a reference to Kraft’s promise to save factories after it took over Cadbury in 2010. Surprise! It did not. Not helping matters: UK Prime Minister Theresa May has been critical of the Cadbury deal."
"4. Dealmakers love their mega-mergers, but increasingly, they’re not getting done: Already $205.2 billion worth of deals have been withdrawn this year, according to Reuters. That figure was just $53.6 billion at this time last year. In total, $808 billion worth of deals were withdrawn or rejected in 2016, compared with $538 billion the year prior."
 GM plans to deploy thousands of self-driving electric cars in 2018
 Nintendo’s high-stakes bet on the Switch
 VR sales are a wet blanket
 The regulators are coming for Uber and Airbnb
 Space startups are booming in the Mojave desert
 Can America’s department stores survive
 Including this one again on account of a broken link: A knockout in the biotech fight of the century
 The Fortune Unfiltered podcast features SAP CEO Bill McDermott
" The MPW Onstage podcast features Lori Goler, VP of People at Facebook"
…AND ELSEWHERE
"A Supreme Court pick at odds with Trump. Smartphones lead to higher car insurance rates. Obamacare startups brace for what’s next. The man who broke Ticketmaster. Airbnb sued by apartment landlord. Watch Snap’s roadshow commercial. Snapchat Spectacles go for sale to the public, sans vending machine. When neo-nazis came for a small town. Teen suicide attempts fell as same-sex marriage became legal. The taxpayer cost of Trump’s lifestyle. Cuba is open but Americans aren’t going. An investigation into the possibly dubious cancer “moonshot” of Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong. This sports column is way too long. “Live chilling” beats IRL hangs. Selfie ad sales. Kalsarikannit is the new Hygge. A magazine about memes."
" SoFi, a San Francisco-based provider of student loan refinancing services, is close to raising $500 million in a new funding round that values the company at $4 billion, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" MobiTV, an Emeryville, Calif.-based provider of IP-based video delivery services, raised $21 million in funding from Oak Investment Partners and Ally Corporate Finance"
" True Balance, an Indian app that lets users check their mobile balances, raised Rs 100-crore ($15 million) in Series B funding, according to The Economic Times. SoftBank Ventures Korea and IMM Investment Group led the round, with participation from Mega Investment, Korea Development Bank, and Capstone Partners. Read more"
" Sun Basket, a San Francisco-based organic meal kit delivery service, raised $15 million in Series C funding. Sapphire Ventures led the round, and was joined by Baseline Ventures, PivotNorth Capital, Accolade Partners, Founders Circle Capital, Shea Ventures, Relevance Capital, Vulcan Capital, and Filter 14"
"  POD Point, a London-based manufacturer of electric vehicle charging stations, raised £7.5 million ($9.3 million) in Series C funding, according to Tech City News. Draper Esprit led the round, and was joined by Barclays Capital and angel investors. Read more"
" TVSquared, a U.K.-based same-day TV attribution platform, raised $6.5 million in funding. West Coast Capital led the round, and was joined by the Scottish Investment Bank and Calum Smeaton"
" Utrip, a Seattle-based online platform for making travel plans, raised $4 million in Series A funding. Investors include Plug and Play, Tiempo Capital, Acorn Ventures, SWAN Venture Fund, and W&W Capital"
" Mobike, a Chinese bicycle rental app, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Temasek and Hillhouse Capital, bringing its total funding for 2017 to $300 million. The company raised $215 million in funding from Tencent Holdings and Warburg Capital in January, followed by an undisclosed amount in funding from Foxconn. Read more"
" Dah Makan, a Malaysian food-delivery startup, raised $1.3 million in seed funding from NFQ Capital, East Ventures, Asia Venture Group, and Grupara, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Trillium Inc, a Japanese cybersecurity startup, raised an undisclosed amount in Series A funding from Global Brain, Mizuho Capital, and DBJ Capital"
" Tradico AG, a Liechtenstein-based online financial trader, raised €1 million ($1.1 million) in funding from angel investors including Henry Ritchotte and Hermann Hauser"
" Santander InnoVentures, Banco Santander SA’s (BME:SAN) venture arm, has invested an undisclosed amount in two fintech startups: Personetics Technologies, a White Plains, N.Y.-based provider of automated customer service, and Gridspace, a San Francisco-based developer of language translation technology. Read more at Fortune"
" Renters Warehouse, a Bloomington, Minn.-based property management company backed by the Northern Pacific Group, acquired Redneck Property, an Oklahoma property management company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" MedPlast Inc, a Tempe, Ariz.-based provider of processing solutions for medical devices backed by JLL Partners and Water Street Healthcare Partners, agreed to acquire Vention Medical’s device manufacturing services business. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Bain Capital acquired Craigcare, a Burwood, Australia-based provider of residential accommodation services for seniors. Financial terms weren’t disclosed, but media reports value the deal at between A$50 million ($38.3 million) and A$100 million ($76.6 million). Read more"
" Telefonica (BME:TEF) agreed to sell up to 40% of its stake in Telxius, its telecom subsidiary, to KKR (NYSE:KKR) for €1.3 billion ($1.4 billion), according to Reuters. The deal values Telxius at €3.7 billion ($3.9 billion), including debt. Read more"
" Lovell Minnick Partners invested an undisclosed amount in Trea Asset Management, a Spanish independent asset management firm"
" Francisco Partners has acquired myON, a Minneapolis-based digital literacy company for the K-12 education market, from Capstone and announced a growth investment in the company"
" Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has reached a revised deal to acquire Yahoo's (Nasdaq:YHOO) core internet business for $350 million less than the original price, following revelations of multiple data breaches. Read more at Fortune"
" Restaurant Brands International (NYSE:QSR), which owns the fast-food franchises Burger King and Tim Hortons, has agreed to acquire Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen (Nasdaq:PLKI) for $1.8 billion. 3G Capital is a Restaurant Brands’ shareholder. Read more at Fortune"
" Ant Financial, a Chinese online payment platform, agreed to invest $200 million in Kakao Pay, the mobile payment subsidiary of South Korean messaging platform Kakao. Read more at Fortune"
 Kraft Heinz (Nasdaq:KHC) agreed to withdraw its $143 takeover bid for Unilever (LSE:ULVR). Kraft is owned by 3G. Read more at Fortune
" Chinese real estate and media giant Dalian Wanda’s deal to acquire Dick Clark Productions, which runs the Golden Globe awards and Miss America pageants, from Eldridge Industries for $1 billion has reportedly fallen apart over regulatory issues. Read more at Fortune"
" B. Riley Financial (NASDAQ: RILY) agreed to acquire FBR & Co. (NASDAQ: FBRC), for $160.1 million"
" MuleSoft, a San Francisco-based a SaaS integration platform, has filed to go public. The company, which claimed revenue of $187.7 million in 2016, plans to trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol MULE. Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, and BofA Merrill Lynch are the joint bookrunners on the deal. Read more at Fortune"
" Vantage Energy Acquisition, a Irving, Texas-based blank check company, has filed to raise up to $400 million in an initial public offering. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol VEACU. Citi is the bookrunner on the deal"
" Hamilton Lane, a Bala Cynwyd, Pa.-based alternative asset manager, has set its IPO terms. The company plans to sell 11.875 million shares, priced at between $15 and $17 each, and trade on the Nasdaq under the symbol HLNE. J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley are the joint bookrunners on the deal"
" WayUp, a New York City-based online portal that helps students find jobs and internships, acquired San Francisco-based competitor Looksharp, according to TechCrunch. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Looksharp raised $10.5 million in VC funding from investors including 500 Startups, Artis Ventures, and Kapor Capital. Read more"
" Meltwater, a San Francisco-based B2B data analytics company, acquired Wrapidity, a U.K.-based AI startup spun out of Oxford University, according to TechCrunch. Terms weren’t disclosed. Wrapitidy raised £200,000 ($248,000) in venture funding. Read more"
 Magic Leap acquired Zurich-based scanning technology company Dacuda’s 3D unit. Terms weren’t disclosed
" Odyssey Private Equity, a Sydney-based private equity firm, raised A$275 million ($211 million) for its debut fund., according to Private Equity International. Read more (subscription required)"
" Summa Equity, a Swedish private equity firm, raised SKr4.5 billion ($500 million) for its latest fund"
 Victor Pascucci III has joined Lightbank as a managing partner
 Woodside Capital Partners has promoted Adam Tilow from associate to associate director. This item has been updated with the correct link.
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Whippersnapper: Snap pitched NYC investors yesterday on its road show, touting 26-year-old CEO Evan Spiegel as a “once in a generation” founder. Reuters quotes an investor saying, “They could have been in their underwear up there and no one would have cared."" Investors were apparently scared to ask about Snap’s no-vote shares because they didn’t want the company to cut their share allocation. In other words, that initial investor reaction – ""I'm willing to risk losing 50% if there's a chance this is like Facebook and I can get 10x"" – hasn’t changed much after a few weeks of picking over Snap’s financials. This isn’t a rational investment."
"Aside from pent-up IPO demand, Snap’s selling point is its ability to repeatedly tap into the next trend before its competitors. Ben Thompson calls this the “Gingerbread Man strategy.” (As in “Run, run, as fast as you can, you’ll never catch me, I’m the gingerbread man!”) By the time competitors start ripping them off (ahem, Facebook…), it doesn’t matter. They’re already working on the next thing."
"One investor expressed frustration to Reuters that Snap’s execs couldn’t outline where the company would be in five years from now. But that’s the point -- they likely don’t know, and they’re fine with that. Savvy media companies are aware they’re on a treadmill of novelties. As BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti told me in 2014, “We don’t have to know how its all going to be worked out in the future, we just have to have a team that continually learns.”"
"The Big D: My colleague Shawn Tully warns that, while it’s easier to bask in the excitement of an IPO like Snap than be convinced by the numbers, investors should be wary of dilution from Snap’s “extreme generosity to employees,” heavily skewed to reward top management. He explains:"
"Over five years, its stock would need to gain 61%, or rise from $16 to almost $26, to deliver a 10% annualized return. But its market cap will need to grow much faster than 10% a year, because far more shares will be outstanding."
"As the prospectus reveals, 250 million new shares are about to swell the float (that's excluding part of the shares going to the foundation over an extended period). So by March of 2022, Snap will have at least 1.44 billion shares outstanding. That means its market cap would need to rise from $18.5 billion to $38 billion, or more than double. To justify that kind of market cap, at a towering P/E of 40, Snap would need to earn around $950 million in 2022. At a Google-sized margin of net income to revenues of 33%, it would need sales of almost $3 billion. That means growing sales 48% a year from the current level of $404 million in 2016."
"All of this assumes that the projected dilution stops at 250 million new shares. If Snap is successful, the count is likely to reach far higher, since (according to its prospectus) it has reserved an additional 355 million shares for possible equity grants in the future that will be awarded and vest if the stock price rises and management hits benchmarks for performance. And don't forget that this glamor stock could surge past the underwriters' price of $16, handing big gains to their institutional customers, a favorite Wall Street tactic. If that happens, members of the investing public who buy at a higher price on the post-IPO market will be starting their adventure in an even deeper valley. Read more. "
"Uber’s lady problem: At an all-hands meeting yesterday, CEO Travis Kalanick apologized for his company’s cultural shortcomings. Recode reports that he was responsible for the company not collecting or sharing diversity data, as many tech companies do to hold themselves accountable for improving. My colleague Claire Zillman notes that the company’s percentage of women in technical roles (15%) is appalling, “even by the tech industry’s excruciatingly low standards.” Airbnb reports 26% of its technical roles are filled by women. Apple and Intel are also above 20%. (Enable images to view chart.)"
"Verihoo: Yahoo and Verizon are actually, really, finally, please god just do it already, merging. After a year of nonsense banker leaks, neverending auctions, massive hacks, and bad Altaba jokes, my colleague Mathew Ingram asks an entirely reasonable question: Why? Well, Verizon doesn't really have a choice. He notes:"
"If it wants to build a mobile-first digital advertising business that can go head-to-head with Facebook and Google—and it very much wants to do that, because its core telecom business is in decline—Yahoo is just about the only option. … Much like AOL, which Verizon also acquired in 2015 for $4.4 billion, Yahoo has been trying to build a mobile and digital ad marketplace that can use the data it has accumulated about all of those users. It hasn't been able to build it quickly enough to save the company, but that data and those ad platforms are still worth something. Read more."
"Quotable: Brad Feld of Foundry Group has some thoughts on the hype around non-tech companies and their eye-popping startup acquisitions, courtesy TechCrunch’s Connie Loizos. Short version: He’s skeptical."
"If you are an entrepreneur and you’re trying to time that, you will get f*cked. And if you’re an investor and you’re relying on that from an investment perspective, it won’t work. You’ll either get lucky or you won’t. If you get lucky, you’ll start to believe that that’s an extrapolated trend, and then the cycle will change on you again. Read more."
"Blockchain: Private equity record keeping is highly manual, but blockchain could change that. Northern Trust and IBM have teamed up to deploy a blockchain-based system that records documents and information connected to transactions. The first fund to use it is Swiss asset manager Unigestion. Reuters notes that the system provides a central record for GPs, LPs and fund admins. It also allows regulators to easily access the information they need. Read more."
 Starboard takes a stake in Tribune Media
" A $25,000 physical for wealthy hypochondriacs"
 Bristol-Myers Squibb shares spike on reports of a Carl Icahn stake
" Oh hey, CEOs like lower taxes"
 Fortune feature story: The Hunt for the Perfect Sugar
 Trump’s Mar-a-Lago trips have already cost taxpayers $10 million
…AND ELSEWHERE
Terrorists are building drones and the French are using eagles to destroy them. A university course on bulls***. The problem with all-female digital assistants. The SEC is investigating whether private tech companies are sharing enough financial information with their employees. Private equity’s return to mining after a 2016 slump. How an upstart private equity firm makes 40% a year on gourmet jerky and vegan makeup.
" iQiyi.com, a video-streaming service owned by Baidu (Nasdaq:BIDU), raised $1.53 billion in convertible bonds from investors including Baidu, Hillhouse Capital, IDG Capital, and Sequoia Capital. Read more"
" Mailgun, an email delivery service for developers, which was acquired by Rackspace in 2012, raised $50 million in funding and is being spun out as an independent company. Turn/River Capital led the round, and was joined by Scaleworks and Rackspace"
" Makeblock, a Chinese platform for making DIY robotics kits, is raising around $30 million in Series B funding at a $200 million valuation, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Prospa, a Sydney-based online lender for small business owners, raised $25 million in funding. AirTree Ventures led the round"
" TactoTek, a Finland-based manufacturer of injection molded structural electronics, raised $20 million in funding from investors including Faurecia Ventures"
" Vatbox, an Israeli-based recovery company for value-added taxes, raised $20 million in funding, according to Globes. Target Global Fund led the round, and was joined by Viola Private Equity and other private investors. Read more"
" Creditas Soluções Financeiras, a Brazilian financial technology firm, raised $19 million in Series B funding, according to Reuters. Investors include the World Bank's International Finance Corp, Naspers’ fintech arm, and Redpoint eventures. Read more"
" Data.world, an Austin, Texas-based developer of an open data platform, raised $18.7 million in funding. Pat Ryan’s family investment group led the round, and was joined by Chicago Ventures, Fyrfly Venture Partners, Hunt Technology Ventures LP, LiveOak Venture Partners, Shasta Ventures, and Sherpa Asset Management AG"
" Diamanti, a San Jose, Calif.-based datacenter infrastructure company, raised $18 million in Series B funding. Northgate Capital led the round, and was joined by CRV, DFJ, Translink, and GSR Ventures"
" Ecrebo, a U.K.-based developer of a point of sale marketing platform, raised £12 million ($15 million) in funding from Sir Keith Mills and Joseph Schull"
" UNICAF, an online platform in sub-saharan Africa offering higher education degrees, raised $12 million from CDC Group, University Ventures, and Savannah"
" Skurt, a Los Angeles-based rental car delivery startup, raised $10 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Upfront Ventures led the round, and was joined by BMW, Cross Culture Ventures, Expansion VC, Greycroft, and Magic Johnson. Read more"
" Voysis, a voice technology company, raised $8 million in Series A funding. Polaris Partners led the round. Read more at Fortune"
" Clinc, an Ann Arbor, Mich.-based artificial intelligence startup, raised $6.3 million in Series A funding. Drive Capital led the round, and was joined by Hyde Park Venture Partners, Cahoots Holdings, and Stuart Porter"
" Bonify, a German fintech platform, raised €5.5 million ($5.8 million) in Series A funding, according to Tech.eu. Mosaic Ventures and Ribbit Capital led the round, with participation from Index Ventures, DN Capital, and HW Capital. Read more"
" Sofdesk, a Montreal-based software company, raised $3 million in Series A funding. EnerTech Capital and BDC Venture Capital led the round"
" Outdoor Project, a Portland, Ore.-based online community for campers and hikers, raised $2 million in funding, according to The Portland Business Journal. The Oregon Angel Fund led the round. Read more"
" Cloud Lending Solutions, a San Mateo, Calif.-based financial services company, raised an undisclosed amount in funding. Cota Capital led the round"
" DMT Development Systems Group, a Winnipeg, Canada-based lead management software provider for the auto industry, raised an undisclosed amount in funding. Sageview Capital led the round"
" Affigen, a St. Louis-based biotechnology company that develops therapeutics targeting cell lineage-specific tumor proteins, raised $17 million in Series A funding. Black Beret Life Sciences led the round"
" GE Ventures and Northwell Health’s Feinstein Institute for Medical Research have agreed to invest up to $200 million over seven years in the Center for Bioelectronic Medicine, which is working to develop diagnostic and therapeutic solutions for Alzheimer’s, cancer, diabetes, and other diseases"
" New Heritage Capital invested in Continental Services, a Troy, Mich.-based food-service provider"
" Accella Polyurethane Systems, which is backed by Arsenal Capital,agreed to purchase certain assets of a Spring, Texas spray polyurethane foam facility, from Covestro"
" Post Oak Energy Capital led a $200 million investment round in Moriah Henry Partners, a Midland, Texas-based oil and gas exploration and production company"
" Maple Media, a Los Angeles-based mobile media, advertising and technology company, raised $30 million from Shamrock Capital"
" Abacus Next, which is backed by Providence Equity, acquired Cloudnine Realtime, a San Diego-based cloud-services provider. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" CLS, a French satellite provider backed by Ardian, acquired Woods Hole Group, a Falmouth, Mass.-based provider of environmental, scientific, and engineering consulting services. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" PANOS Holdings, a portfolio company of Hammond, Kennedy, Whitney & Company, acquired Walden Farms, a Linden, N.J.-based provider of branded calorie-free foods, including salad dressings, syrups, and sauces"
" Nordson (Nasdaq: NDSN) agreed to acquire Vention Medical’s advanced technologies business, for $705 million in cash. Vention Medical is backed by KRG Capital"
" Bestige Holdings invested $15 million in three waste management businesses to create National Waste Partners, which will provide compactor and baler rentals, repair, and waste coordination services"
" Norican, a Danish manufacturing company backed by Altor Equity Partners, agreed to acquire Auctus’ stake in Light Metal Casting Solutions, a German manufacturer of light metal casings. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" L Catterton has made a growth investment in Rapsodia, a Buenos Aires, Argentina-based women’s apparel brand. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" Arris (Nasdaq:ARRS) is close to reaching a deal to purchase Brocade Communications Systems' (Nasdaq:BRCD) networking equipment business for around $1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more at Fortune"
" EQT Infrastructure, a unit of the investment firm EQT, agreed to acquire Lumos Networks (NASDAQ: LMOS) for $950 million. At $18 per share, EQT’s offer represents an 18% premium on Lumos’ close Friday"
" MacDonald Dettwiler & Associates (TSX: MDA) is in advanced talks to purchase DigitalGlobe (NYSE: DGI) for between $2 billion to $3 billion, according to Dow Jones. Read more"
" Mid Europa Partners sold Zabska Polska SA, a Polish operator of convenience stores, to CVC Capital Partners for an enterprise value north of €1 billion ($1.05 billion), according to the Wall Street Journal. Mid Europa Partners bought Zabka Polska for about €400 million in 2011. Read more (subscription required)"
" Maple Leaf Foods (TSX:MFI) agreed to acquire Lightlife Foods, a Turners Falls, Mass.-based producer of vegetarian meat substitutes, for $140 million from Brynwood Partners"
" TrueBridge Capital Partners, a Chapel Hill, N.C.-based investment firm, raised $125 million for its first direct investment fund"
 Spencer Bogart has joined Blockchain Capital as managing director and head of research. Previously Spencer was a fintech research analyst at Needham & Co
" Greenbriar Equity Group has promoted Niall McComiskey to managing director. Prior to joining the firm in 2006, McComiskey was a vice president at HSH Nordbank AG"
" Jonathan Roosevelt and Kemper Ahl have joined Industry Ventures as a venture partner and a business development associate, respectively. In addition, the firm has promoted Robert May to managing director, chief operating/compliance officer, Aaron Hinz to VP of finance, Lena McNulty to manager of investor relations, and Brian Langner to senior associate"
 Corsair Capital has promoted James E. Kirk from principal to managing director
 Todd Rainville has joined JMC Capital Partners as a partner. Previously he was a partner at Symmetric Capital
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Fortune’s latest feature story, published this morning by my colleague Michal Lev-Ram, is about what happens when private equity takes over the circus. Specifically, TPG Capital and Cirque du Soleil, which the firm acquired in 2015 for around $1.4 billion. A few highlights:"
" TPG’s track record of investing in companies in creative fields, including talent agency CAA and Fender Musical instruments have given it some experience, helping the company avoid “tension between the leotards and the suits” at Cirque"
" The company has since replaced Cirque’s senior leadership, killed off “unprofitable distractions” like nightclubs and restaurants, outsourcing the making of certain props, and putting processes in place to professionalize the operation (like hire its first ever CMO)"
" In order to appeal to millennials, selfie-breaks are now built into Cirque’s shows"
" The next move is to expand into China. That bodes well for TPG’s exit in its investment: Lev-Ram writes: “Cirque’s prospects as a public company are murky. But given its new China ties, it’s more likely that it would be bought by a Chinese investor or conglomerate. A cash-rich acquirer like Dalian Wanda, for example, which has already snapped up Legendary Entertainment, the company that licenses the Ironman competition and Dick Clark Productions, could easily buy Cirque. And China has huge cities that could host permanent shows and use them to lure tourists, as Las Vegas does today. Read the entire story here"
"Cognitive Dissonance: The robots are coming, but not for my job. That’s what I’ve been telling myself about my future as a journalist and it’s apparently what the majority of Americans believe, too. Despite research predicting nearly half of U.S. jobs are at risk of being lost to automation, 47% are not worried at all about losing their jobs to automation, according to a recent survey of 2,000 U.S. adults conducted by LivePerson, a customer service technology company."
A majority of respondents – 59% -- say they are very secure and confident their current job and industry will exist in ten years. And 65% somewhat or strongly agree that “other industries may lose jobs to automation but my job and industry are safe.”
"One interesting note for Term Sheet readers: “Those in banking and finance are least likely to think their own industry is disappearing, with 11% selecting accounting and finance as likely to be automated in 20 years.” But keep pouring money into fintech startups… just in case."
"Debt vs. Equity: Yesterday’s Term Sheet included an item about Prospa, an Australian fintech startup that had just raised $25 million. An astute Term Sheet reader noticed that the bottom of the press release on the company’s site appeared to include a private note from an investor, executive or PR rep by accident. It said: “Concern on the numbers is that it's not all equity/there is equity versus debt and explaining it will become confusing given most people do not understand funding cycles.”"
"Craig Blair, who led the deal for Airtree Ventures, confirmed that Prospa’s $25 million is indeed 100% equity. But added, “There have been quite a few 'rounds' announced in market that are a combination of equity and debt to inflate the size of the round.” He’s right, and it’s something we reporters find frustrating. There is a big difference between raising equity and raising debt, and it’s deceptive for startups to paint the latter as the former, just to claim a bigger vanity number in the headline."
"More on Beepi: Last week we discussed the demise of Beepi, a well-funded online car marketplace startup. SAIC Motor Corporation, a Chinese automaker that reportedly invested $70 million into the company last year, was supposed to lead the another $90 million round of funding last year. But the company backed out when it realized Beepi had significant in liabilities. SAIC wasn’t excited about the idea of a chunk of their equity going straight to fulfilling the liabilities, and pulled its funding, a person familiar with the situation said. A Beepi rep declined to comment."
 Global Tech M&A grew in 2016 while other industries fel
 Is Facebook and Google funding journalism a solution or a Hail Mary
 Fitbit’s turnaround strateg
 Mark Cuban is not a fan of universal basic incom
 Mnuchin promises tax reform by Augus
…AND ELSEWHERE
Nascar hits the skids. How small business owners respond to political crises. Silicon Valley tried to upend banks. Now it works with them.
" Tala, a Los Angeles-based startup that provides micro-loans to small-business owners in the developing world, raised around $30 million in Series B funding. IVP led the round, and was joined by Ribbit Capital, Lowercase Capital, Data Collective, Collaborative Fund, and the Female Founders Fund"
" AirMap, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based developer of software for drone navigation, raised $26 million in funding. Microsoft Ventures led the round, and was joined by Airbus Ventures, Qualcomm Ventures, Sony, Rakuten, and Yuneec. Read more at Fortune"
" Knotel, a New York City-based provider of rentable workspaces for startups, raised $25 million in Series A funding. Investors include Invest AG, Bloomberg Beta, Observer Capital, 500 Startups, Rocket Internet, and angel investors"
" Monzo, a London-based digital bank, raised £19.5 million ($24.4 million) in funding. Thrive Capital led the round, and was joined by Passion Capital and Orange Digital Ventures"
" MomentFeed, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based provider of mobile customer experience management for brands, raised $16.3 million in funding. Level Equity led the round, and was joined by Signia Venture Partners, Draper Nexus, and DFJ Frontier"
" C3Nano, a Hayward, Calif.-based developer of transparent conductive inks and films, raised $15 million in funding. GSR Ventures led the round, and was joined by Nissha Printing, Xinjiang Guoli Minsheng Equity Investment, Phoenix Venture Partners, and several undisclosed investors"
" Famoco, a Paris provider of android-based transactional devices, raised €11 million ($11.6 million) in funding. Idinvest Partners led the round, and was joined by Orange Digital Ventures, SNCF Digital Ventures, BNP Paribas Développement, Hi inov, Bpifrance, and Aurinvest"
" Bowery, a Kearny, N.J.-based indoor farming company, raised $7.5 million in a seed funding. First Round Capital led the round, and was joined by Box Group, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, and Tom Colicchio"
" SlamData, a Boulder, Colo.-based open-source analytics company, raised $6.7 million in Series A funding. Shasta Ventures led the round"
" Hostmaker, a London-based hospitality management firm, raised £5 million ($6.2 million) in Series A funding. Ventech led the round, and was joined by DN Capital"
" Collage, a Toronto-based HR and benefits management platform, raised $5 million in seed funding from Diagram"
" Doctor.com, a New York City-based platform that connects patients and healthcare providers, raised $5 million in Series A funding from Spring Mountain Capital"
" Banuba, a Hong Kong-based startup developing technology for augmented reality mobile apps, raised $5 million in funding from Larnabel Ventures and VP Capital"
" Privacy Labs, a Bellevue, Wash.-based consumer privacy and security company, raised $4 million in seed funding. Initialized Capital led the round, and was joined by Lemnos Labs, Liquid 2 Ventures, CrunchFund, and Fuel Capital"
" TL Biolabs, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based provider of genetic and genomic testing services for the agriculture industry, raised $4 million in seed funding. Andreessen Horowitz led the round, and was joined by  Refactor Capital, Josh Buckley, and Y Combinator. This item has been updated to show that the company is based in California, not the UK"
" Zappar, a U.K.-based developer of augmented reality tools, raised $3.75 million in Series A funding. Hargreave Hale led the round, and was joined by You & Mr Jones and iDreamSky"
" Shinezone, a Chinese online games distributor, raised ¥400 million ($3.5 million) in Series B funding. Investors include China Fortune Securities, Bank of Ningbo, Shanshan Venture Capital, Jiuyou Fund, Nord Engine Capital, and HTVC"
" Earin, a Swedish maker of wireless earbuds, raised $3.5 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Storj Labs, an Atlanta-based distributed cloud storage provider, raised $3 million in a seed funding from angel investors"
" Roq.ad, a Berlin-based provider of cross-device advertising services, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from NWZ Digital, PDV, media + more venture, and K – Invest"
" Modus Therapeutics, a Stockholm, Sweden-based clinical-stage drug development company focused on treating patients with sickle cell disease, raised $3.6 million in funding from KDev Investments, Östersjöstiftelsen, and Praktikerinvest"
" Sycamore Partners will acquire The Limited’s ecommerce and intellectual property for $26.8 million, according to Reuters, beating out Sunrise Brands. The Limited, a New Albany, Ohio-based women’s retailer, filed for bankruptcy last month.  Read more"
" Getaway, a designer and operator of ""tiny house"" rentals, raised $15 million in funding from L Catterton"
" Sciens Building Solutions, a San Francisco-based provider of fire detection services backed by Huron Capital Partners, acquired W.W. Gay Fire & Integrated Systems, a Jacksonville, Fla.-based provider of fire detection and fire suppression systems. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Jansy Packaging, a Fort Lee, N.J.-based packing company backed by Eureka Growth Capital, acquired Cogent Partners, a Pomona, Calif.-based distributor of packaging products and services"
" Saba Software, a Redwood Shores, Calif.-based talent management platform, agreed to acquire Halogen Software (TSX:HGN) for approximately C$293 million ($223.6 million) in cash. Saba raised $30 million in VC funding from investors including Sequoia Capital and Vector Capital"
" Sushiro Global Holdings, the operator of Japan’s largest of chain of conveyor-belt sushi restaurants backed by Permira, is preparing for an IPO that could value the company at ¥107 billion ($949 million), according to Reuters. Permira bought Sushiro in 2012 from Unison Capital for about ¥80 billion ($709.4 million). Read more"
" Quinpario Acquisition Corp. 2 (Nasdaq:QPAC) agreed to acquire SourceHOV and Novitex Holdings, both backed by Apollo (NYSE:APO), for $2.8 billion, according to the St. Louis Business Journal. The new company, Exela Technologies, will provide financial technology and business services and trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Read more"
" Amobee, a Foster City, Calif.-based digital marketing company that operates as a subsidiary of Singtel, agreed to acquire Turn, a Redwood City, Calif.-based advertising technology platform, for $310 million. Turn raised $163.5 million in equity funding from investors including BlackRock, Fidelity Investments, Greenspring Associates, and Focus Ventures"
" Airbnb confirmed its previously reported acquisition of Tilt, a San Francisco-based social payments company. The deal values the company at $12 million in cash plus “tens of millions” in employee retention packages, according to TechCrunch. Tilt raised $62 million in VC funding, including a $25 million Series B round in 2015 that reportedly valued the company at $400 million. Read more"
" Tennant Company (NYSE:TNC) agreed to acquire IPC Group, an Italy-based manufacturer of commercial cleaning machines and equipment, from Ambienta for $350 million in cash"
" Fireman Capital Partners sold its portfolio company Skip Hop, a New York City-based provider of branded products and accessories for parents, babies and kids, to Carter’s (NYSE:CRI) for $140 million in cash"
" K2 Global, a San Francisco-based private equity and venture capital firm, raised $183 million for a venture capital fund targeted at early stage startups, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" EQT raised €4 billion ($4.2 billion) for EQT Infrastructure III, its third fund focused on infrastructure investments. This item has been updated with the correct link"
" The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ:CG) raised around $2.5 billion for Carlyle Strategic Partners IV, its fourth distressed and special situations fund"
" Project A, a Berlin-based venture capital firm, raised €140 million ($148 million) for its second fund. In addition, the firm raised  €40 million ($42.3 million) for a separate fund that will provide follow-on investments"
" Xsolla, a Los Angeles-based ecommerce platform for video game publishing and distribution, launched Xsolla Capital, a $30 million royalty investment fund to provide backing for independent videogame developers"
 Christine Aylward has resigned from her position as a managing director at Foresite Capital. She joined the San Francisco-based firm in 2011
 Yukon Partners has promoted Aaron Arnett to principal and David Sampair to director
" RCP Advisors has made a series of promotions: Dave McCoy is now a managing partner, Alex Abell, Nell Blatherwick, Michael Feinglass, and Andy Nelson are now partners, and Ross Koenig and Michael Rice are now vice presidents"
" Peter Zimmerman has joined ShoreView Industries as a principal. Previously, he was at Sentinel Capital Partners"
 Jay Galluzzo has joined North Castle Partners as a managing director. Galluzzo is the former CEO of Flywheel Sports
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Scoop: Roku is in advanced discussions to raise at least $200 million in new funding at a post-money valuation of approximately $1.5 billion, according to sources familiar with the situation. The company received a term sheet this week. The round will be led by U.S.-based investors, one source says, but “not standard Silicon Valley venture firms.” The total raise could go above $200 million because a portion of the deal may include secondary sales by existing investors."
"Based in Los Gatos, Calif., Roku makes connected TV hardware. The startup has raised $210 million in funding so far from investors including News Corp, Fidelity Investments, Menlo Ventures, Hearst Ventures, Viacom, Fox Networks, and Netflix."
"Roku competes in a crowded market; Google, Amazon, Apple and the cable providers all offer their own connected TV products. The company is known as “Switzerland” in the market – a neutral player -- because it doesn’t have its own content to push users toward. A Roku representative did not immediately respond to a request for comment this morning."
"Self-Downloading Car: Here’s a bombshell from last night: Waymo, Alphabet’s self-driving car subsidiary, has sued Uber and Otto, the self-driving truck startup it acquired last year. At the heart of the lawsuit is Anthony Levandowski, co-founder of Otto and former leader of the self-driving car unit at Google/Alphabet."
"Waymo accuses Levandowski of downloading 14,000 design files -- 9.7 gigabytes worth – from the company six weeks before he resigned. It accuses other former employees that are currently at Otto and Uber of theft as well. A few thoughts:"
" The suit is for misusing trade secrets and infringing patents. Worth noting that despite all the patent hatred in Silicon Valley, they’re still important weapons of defense. (Remember those salad days of 2013, when patent warfare was the tech world’s biggest issue?) Google made a patent non-assertion pledge in 2013, promising to not use certain patents to sue other companies. The pledge includes at least 245 patents, a small portion of the company’s overall patent portfolio"
" Waymo stops short of accusing Levandowski and Uber of conspiring from the beginning (i.e., Uber approaching Levandowski while he was still at Google, and Otto being part of the plot to lure him over), but by stringing the following timeline together, it certainly implies it"
"In February 2015, Uber started working on self-driving cars. A month later reports said the company’s self-driving partnership with Carnegie Mellon had “stalled."" In December 2015, Levandowski left Google. In January 2016, Levandowski confided to Waymo colleagues that he planned to “replicate” Waymo’s technology at a competitor, the lawsuit accuses. In May, Otto launched publicly. In August, Uber paid $680 million to acquire Otto. “Notably, Otto announced the acquisition shortly after Mr. Levandowski received his final multi-million dollar compensation payment from Google, ” the lawsuit states."
" Reminder of how awkward this lawsuit is: Alphabet is suing its most valuable portfolio company. GV, the venture arm of Waymo parent company Alphabet, invested $258 million into Uber in 2013. It was GV’s largest deal ever; David Drummond, Alphabet’s SVP of corporate development, even took a board seat. But by August 2016, it became clear that Alphabet’s self-driving car subsidiary and Uber’s self-driving car efforts would be competitive and Drummond stepped off of Uber’s board. “Our parent company Alphabet has long worked with Uber in many areas, and we didn’t make this decision lightly,” the Waymo said in a blog post about the lawsuit"
" This lawsuit was likely in the works for some time, but the timing could not be worse for Uber, coming off the #DeleteUber immigration protests and this week’s accusations of widespread sexism and gender discrimination. Reactions to the latter, such as this letter from early investors Mitch and Freada Kapor, or this detailed report of how widespread the problems are, continue to pour in"
"All AI Everything: Outlier.ai, an artificial intelligence startup created by Flurry co-founder Sean Byrnes, has raised $2.2 million from Susa Ventures, Homebrew and First Round Capital."
"Alongside co-founder Mike Kim, Byrnes started the company because, in the ten years he worked on Flurry (before selling it to Yahoo for a reported $240 million in 2014), he heard a common complaint about “big data” from customers: What does it all mean?"
"“Today every part of your business is a fountain of data and it has gotten so bad that the companies don’t know what to look for,” Byrnes says. This idea might sound familiar to Term Sheet readers. Last week, the founders of Fika Ventures gave me a nearly identical quote. That’s no accident. Eva Ho of Fika is an investor in Outlier via her prior firm, Susa Ventures."
"Outlier’s software, which integrates across all of a company’s various tools (ZenDesk, Adwords, Adobe Analytics, etc), spits out “stories” about the data that allows workers – not just statistics experts – to use it to make decisions. The company’s tools compete with offerings from IBM, Google Analytics and Mixpanel, but has an advantage because those tools do not work across many different systems. “In five years, we will look back at companies that had five dozen dashboards, and it will look as outdated as using a paper map,” Byrnes says."
"Based in Oakland, Outlier has been offering its product to six customers in private beta since last year. It opens up to the general public today."
"Layoff watch: JackThreads, the onetime e-commerce arm of Thrillist Media Group, is for sale. My colleague Jen Wieczner has the scoop:"
"A little more than a year after being spun out of Thrillist Media Group, Ben Lerer's e-commerce startup JackThreads is preparing to cease operations as an independent company, Fortune has learned."
"The online menswear retailer has cut its staff down to a skeleton crew with mass layoffs over the past two weeks, and is in discussions to sell the company, a spokesperson for JackThreads has confirmed. The layoffs include much of the customer service staff as well as certain high-ranking employees. Jen has more details here."
Surprise: The Snap IPO is oversubscribed.  👻
 Unpacking big food’s big dilemma
 It’s time for Sam Adams to admit it’s no longer a craft brewer
 Demystifying the dark web
 Companies are using cash handouts to stop people from working overtime
 Don’t hold your breath for Trump’s huge tax return
 More animal-on-drone warfare
 Google gives $11.5 million to groups fighting racial inequality
 Why Symntec’s deal talks with FireEye went nowhere
 The ten biggest pharma deals of 2016
…AND ELSEWHERE
The 43 most powerful female engineers of 2017. Marc Andreessen returns to Twitter. Do all these mega-mergers mean we’re at a market peak? Trump support and disharmony at work. The capital markets industry is addressing its lack of gender diversity. A reality check for the Saudi oil industry. China considers faster IPO approvals.
" Layer, a San Francisco-based developer of an open communications layer platform, raised $15 million in Series B funding. Greycroft Partners led the round, and was joined by Microsoft Ventures, Salesforce Ventures, and other previous investors"
" Enbala Power Networks, a Vancouver, Canada-based provider of of distributed energy resource management services, raised $12 million in Series B funding. ABB Technology Ventures led the round, and was joined by National Grid, GE Ventures, Chrysalix Venture Capital, and Obvious Ventures"
" Bexio, a German provider of cloud-based software for SMEs, raised €7 million ($7.4 million) in funding from Swisscom Ventures, Redalpine Venture Partners AG, and Armada Investment AG, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" Tantalus Systems, a Raleigh, N.C.-based smart grid solution provider, raised $6 million in funding from investors including CT Innovations and Vareco Holdings"
" 24 Storage, a Swedish platform for finding storage units raised €5 million ($5.3 million) in funding from existing investors, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" Mercatus, a San Francisco-based developer of an energy investment management software platform, raised $5.1 million in additional Series B funding, which brings the round to $16.8 million. TPG led the new investment"
" TripleMint, a New York City-based online real estate brokerage company, raised $4.5 million in Series A funding. DN Capital led the round, and was joined by investors including Summit Action Fund and b-to-v ventures"
" Fossa, a San Francisco-based developer of an open source management and license compliance tool, raised $2.2 million in seed funding. Bain Capital Ventures led the round, and was joined by angel investors including Marc Benioff, Steve Chen, Jaan Tallinn, and Justin Mateen"
" Hiatus, a New York-based startup that allows users to manage monthly paid subscriptions, raised $1.2 million in seed funding, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Pindrop Security, an Atlanta-based phone fraud-fighting startup, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from John Chambers, executive chairman and former CEO of Cisco Systems (Nasdaq:CSCO). Read more at Fortune"
" PMV Pharmaceuticals, a Cranbury, New Jersey-based developer of drugs to treat cancer, raised $74 million in Series B funding. Topspin Biotech Fund led the round, and was joined by Euclidean Capital, InterWest Partners, OrbiMed Advisors, and Osage University Partners"
" The Jordan Company agreed to recapitalize Quick International Courier, a New York City-based provider of priority shipping and logistics services. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Advent International has made a €3.6 billion ($3.8 billion) takeover bid for Stada Arzneimittel (DB:SAZ), according to Reuters. The company’s management has until Monday to respond. Advent has been in bidding competition with Cinven and Bain Capital to acquire the company. Read more"
" Clearlake Capital Group portfolio companies Globe Energy Services and Light Tower Rentals, both oilfield services providers in the Permian Basin, have merged and will operate as GlobeLTR Energy. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. This item has been corrected to reflect that Clearlake already owned these companies"
" Blue Point Capital Partners acquired Fire & Life Safety American, a Richmond, Va.-based provider of fire protection services"
" Sterling Partners invested in Grand Rapids Ophthalmology, a Grand Rapids, Mich.-based eye care provider"
" Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) agreed to sell its Atlanta television station to Meredith (NYSE:MDP) for $70 million as it prepares for its $85 billion sale to AT&T (NYSE:T), according to the Journal. Read more"
" Arris Technology (Nasdaq: ARRS) agreed to buy Ruckus Wireless, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based WiFi provider, from Broadcom (Nasdaq: AVGO) for $800 million. Read more"
" Bonduelle (ENXTPA:BON) agreed to buy Ready Pac Foods, an Irwindale, Calif.-based producer of fresh, prepared salads and other produce, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Ardian sold its stake in frostkrone Beteiligungs GmbH, a European provider of frozen convenience food products, to Emeram Capital Partners. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" Axway (ENXTPA:AXW) acquired Syncplicity, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based file sharing and collaboration service for enterprises, from Skyview Capital in an all-cash deal. Terms weren't disclosed"
" Madison Dearborn Partners agreed to acquire BlueCat Networks, a Toronto-based provider of IP address management services. As part of the deal, existing backers Trident Capital and Northleaf Capital Partners will exit the company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" STG Group (OTC: STGG) agreed to acquire Preferred Systems Solutions, a McLean, Va.-based provider of IT, engineering and staffing services to government agencies and commercial clients, from CM Equity Partners for about $119 million. Read more"
" Wix.com (Nasdaq: WIX) acquired DeviantArt, a Hollywood, Calif.-based online social network for artists, for $36 million in cash, according to Reuters. DeviantArt raised $13.5 million in VC funding from backers including DivX, Autodesk, and Travis Kalanick. Read more"
" Layer, a San Francisco-based developer of an open communications layer platform, acquired Cola, a San Francisco-based messaging startup. Cola raised $1.3 million in VC funding from angel investors including Steve Case"
"Vanedge Capital Partners, a Vancouver, Canada-based early-stage venture capital firm, raised $161 million for its latest fund, Vanedge Capital II Limited Partnership."
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Crowdfunding watch: Is it fair to say the realities of equity crowdfunding have not lived up to the category’s promises? Most action in this once-hyped market has been limited to helping same institutional investors and high net worth individuals that could always invest in private companies, not the “average Joe” investors that get shut out of the ""unicorn"" investing action. To expand, crowdfunding platform AngelList now operates its own fund, and consumer packaged goods-focused CircleUp focuses more on institutional investors."
"Since 2012, CircleUp has helped 233 companies raise $315 million in capital. (Of those, five have failed, none have exited, but they carry and unrealized IRR of more than 40%.) Today the company announces an important next step in its evolution as a ""marketplace"" company: A Moneyball-style set of algorithms that predicts the next breakout hit in consumer packaged goods called Helio. It uses “a web of algorithms and data sets meant to mimic the investor’s mind,” says CEO Rory Eakin. It analyzes a company’s financial performance, competitors’ performance, brand, distribution, and team. The company has been building this for several years and views the product as deeply central to its future."
"""Moneyball for startups"" isn’t a new idea. (Steve Blank has been big on this concept for years.) But Eakin says that Silicon Valley’s system for investing in tech startups is less suited to this type of data crunching. For one, startup investing is fairly efficient, with the capital and startups clustered around a handful of innovation hubs in the country."
"But the consumer packaged goods industry does not have a Sand Hill Road, making it difficult for investors to surface fast-growing companies with less than $15 million in revenue. Further, it’s easier for algorithms compare business models in consumer goods because they are essentially the same across all categories, but with tech startups, every business model (if they even have one) is its own special snowflake. Lastly, unlike with opaque tech startups, the data points are plentiful in the consumer world. Retailers and third parties make inventory, distribution and sales data publicly available."
"In the beginning, Helio identified companies with strong financials, but whose brands would not pass an investor’s ""eye test,"" Eakin says. But after taking customer data into account—from social media and review sites—Helio can now accurately identify when an off-brand or copycat product’s success is short-lived. (One example: Companies that say “Send us a direct message” on Twitter three times more than average are not likely to have long-term success.)"
"Helio has sourced a handful of deals so far, including REBBL, a line of coconut-milk beverages, nutpods, a dairly alternative snack, and Supergoop, a sunscreen brand. It charges private equity and venture capital firms 5% of the investment for surfacing the deals. In other cases, retailers looking for up-and-coming brands to carry offer a discount on shelf space as compensation for introductions made by CircleUp."
"CircleUp has 55 employees. The company recently laid off six employees from its business operations side as a result of the “evolution” brought about by Helio. CircleUp has teams of people working with companies on its platform, but now it can be “more efficient” on tasks like verifying financial information, Eakin says."
"Unicorn watch: SoFi, a San Francisco online lending startup, raised $500 million in new funding led by Silver Lake with participation from existing investor SoftBank Group, and GPI Capital, confirming a Wall Street Journal report from earlier this month. The round reportedly values SoFi at $4.3 billion, up from the company’s last valuation of $3.2 billion. SoFi CEO Mike Cangey would not confirm the valuation, but said $4.3 billion was “in the right zip code.” A couple of notes:"
"1.Why does it need $500 million? SoFi raised $1 billion from SoftBank Group in September 2015, and it has been “off and on” profitable for the past few years. This money isn’t going toward its actual loans. SoFi currently has 250,000 members and originates $1 billion in credit per month."
"Cagney says the round was “opportunistic.” SoFi will use the money to speed up its expansion from student loan consolidation into asset lending, banking, and geographically into Australia. Earlier this month the company acquired Zenbanx, which has a relationship with a deposit bank in Delaware. SoFi plans to take over that bank’s charter and banking license so its users can have deposit accounts. “We want to be the central point of your financial life,” Cagney says."
"2. It’s an ambitious plan. What makes SoFi uniquely positioned to pull it off? “Well we’ve got a billion-nine in capital,” Cagney jokes. (Also the fact that we’ve been able to execute and create investor confidence, and people understand the vision we’re trying to deliver.”)"
"3. “At least one” of the big banks have tried to acquire SoFi, but the company isn’t interested in selling. The potential acquirer saw SoFi as a source of lead generation, since it has attracted younger customers that distrust traditional banks. But Cagney does not want to be a lead generation tool for a bank. “The problem [at banks] isn’t the lead generation, it’s the product offering,” he says. “People want speed, transparency and alignment.”"
"4. Why Silver Lake? The buyout firm has looked at several of SoFi’s past funding rounds, but it was too small for Silver Lake to invest—until now. The firm presents SoFi with a unique benefit: Silver Lake’s limited partners are taking an active role, and some large sovereign wealth fund LPs are buying up some of SoFi’s loans."
"Venture watch: Brian Pham left Sherpa Capital in December to build his own startup, Term Sheet has learned. The startup is currently in stealth mode and will focus on what Pham is calling “consumable AR” (think more Pokémon Go than Hololens). He has not yet raised any capital. A principal at Sherpa, Pham was the firm’s first hire by founders Shervin Pishevar and Scott Stanford. He worked with portfolio companies PillPack, Luka, Cymmetria, Munchery, and Cue Health but did not take board seats. Sherpa noted that Stacey Leanos joined the firm as director of investor relations Alex Fayette as an investment associate. A firm representative said:"
Brian was our first associate hire in 2013 when we started Sherpa. Entrepreneurship is in our DNA and has been a core part of Sherpa’s mission from the beginning. We encourage our team to start their own companies when bitten by the entrepreneurial bug. We are excited by Brian's entrepreneurial endeavors and wish him the best in his new venture. We look forward to supporting him on his exciting journey ahead.
"Typo watch: Yes, I meant to say inequality, not equality, in Friday’s link to this story about Google’s $11.5 million donation to racial justice groups."
" The latest Fortune Unfiltered podcast features Elliot Weissbluth, CEO of HighTower. Listen here"
 Ellen McGirt: Travis Kalanick must go
 50 companies leading the AI revolution
 Ghosts of past tech IPOs haunt Snap
…AND ELSEWHERE
A Silicon Valley school is poised to make tens of millions in profits on Snap’s IPO. The women engineers at Uber confront CEO Travis Kalanick. An algorithm replacing bail hearings in New Jersey. NY NY Land. Carlyle doubles down on distressed investing at the peak of the market. Economists have been demoted in Washington. Snap supporters find a scapegoat in Jeremy Liew. The rise of Hank Scorpio. How we got so angry.
" WeWork, a New York City-based office-sharing startup, is close to raising more than $3 billion in funding from SoftBank Group (TSE:9984) at a $20 billion valuation, according to CNBC. Read more at Fortune"
" SoFi, a San Francisco online lending startup, confirmed it has raised $500 million in a funding. Silver Lake Partners led the round, which reportedly values the company at $4.3 billion, and was joined by SoftBank Group and GPI Capital. Read more at Fortune"
" Cordial, a San Diego developer of software that tracks user behavior online to generate targeted marketing emails, raised $6 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Upfront Ventures led the round. Read more"
" Uponit, a Tel Aviv ad recovery platform for publishers, raised $2.3 million in funding. Jerusalem Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by the KDC Media Fund"
" Drizly, the Boston developer of an on-demand alcohol delivery app, raised an additional $2 million in Series B funding, according to TechCrunch, which brings the round’s total to $17 million. Read more"
" Roadmunk, a Toronto provider of visual roadmap software for product management, raised $1.5 million in a seed funding. Golden Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Felicis Ventures and Garage Capital"
" Kinnos, a New York City startup developing technologies to prevent surface-transmitted infections, raised $1 million in seed funding. Georgica Advisors led the round, and was joined by New York Angels, VentureWell, and angel investors"
" Keriton, a Philadelphia provider of a pumped breast milk management system for neonatal ICUS, raised $1 million in funding. BioAdvance led the round, and was joined by Dreamit Ventures, Penn Medicine, Amerihealth, Wharton, Dorm Room Fund, and Steve Barsh"
" Arrakis Therapeutics, a Waltham, Mass. biopharmaceutical company, raised $38 million in Series A funding. Canaan Partners led the round, and was joined by Advent Life Sciences, Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Celgene Corporation, Osage University Partners, and Henri Termeer"
" Xenex Disinfection Services, a San Antonio maker of disinfection systems for the healthcare industry, raised $38 million in funding. Essex Woodlands led the round, and was joined by Piper Jaffray Merchant Banking, Malin Corporation, and Tectonic Ventures"
" Pharma Two B, a specialty pharmaceuticals company focused on developing treatments for Parkinson’s disease, raised $30 million in funding. Israel Biotech Fund led the round, and was joined by aMoon, JVC, JK&B, and Generali Financial Holdings FCP-FIS SF2"
" Congenica, a British provider of clinical genome analysis technology, raised £8 million ($9.9 million) in Series B funding. Investors include Cambridge Innovation Capital, Amadeus Capital Partners, and Parkwalk Advisors"
" Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) sold Daesung Industrial Gases, South Korea’s second-largest producer of industrial gases, to MBK Partners. The sale price was not disclosed, but media reports value the deal at around $2 billion. Read more"
" Cherwell Software, a Colorado Springs provider of IT service management services for enterprises, raised $50 million in funding from KKR (NYSE:KKR)"
" Global Software, a Raleigh, N.C. provider of Excel automation and reporting software backed by Thompson Street Capital Partners, acquired Globe Software Pty., a Perth, Australia-based creator of data analytic software"
" KKR (NYSE:KKR) invested in Gambol Pet Group, a Chinese provider of pet food. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Dermatology Associates, a Dallas provider of dermatology care backed by ABRY Partners, has rebranded as U.S. Dermatology Partners"
" KKR (NYSE:KKR) is preparing to take Milwaukee-based industrial machinery manufacturer Gardner Denver public in an offering that could value the company at between $6 billion and $7 billion including debt, according to Reuters. Read more"
" AES Corporation (NYSE: AES) and Alberta Investment Management Corporation agreed to acquire FTP Power, a Salt Lake City operator and developer of utility scale solar assets, from Fir Tree Partners for $853 million in cash"
" Stayzilla, an Indian online hotel booking and reservation platform, is shutting down its service. Stayzilla raised $34 million from investors including Matrix Partners and Sequoia Capital. Read more"
" Formation Group, a Palo Alto, Calif. principal investment firm, raised $121.3 million for its debut fund, according to an SEC filing. That's in addition to a previous filing for a special purpose vehicle fund with $232 million in commitments, bringing the firm's total assets under management to $357 million. This item has been updated to note the prior filing. "
" Aliter Capital, a new firm whose four founders all have ties to H.I.G., raised £90 million ($111.8 million) for its first fund, according to Private Equity News. Read more (subscription required)"
" Marc Boughton is stepping down as chairman of CVC Credit Partners to focus on his role as co-head of the firm's strategic opportunities platform, according to Private Equity News. Read more (subscription required)"
" Edward Beckley has joined TPG, where he will source global infrastructure investments, according to Private Equity International. Beckley is the former European head of Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets. Read more (subscription required"
 Chris Peyser has joined Harvest Partners SCF as a senior associate on the investment team. Previously he was at Kelso & Company
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
Some very quick notes to kick off your Super Tuesday:
" Another hurdle cleared: European regulators yesterday gave their blessing to Dell's proposed $67 billion purchase of EMC Corp., less than one week after U.S. officials did the same. Next up are the Chinese, although no one seems too sure about when that ruling will come. It could even be after the planned EMC shareholder vote, which currently is slated for sometime later this spring"
" Where have all the listings gone? There is once again no IPO news this morning. No filings, no pricings, no talk of upcoming filings or pricings. The window might not be closed, but it sure does seem abandoned"
"Reminds me a bit of early 2001, when one of my unfortunate job responsibilities was editing a print newsletter called The IPO Reporter. Each week we had to fill 12 pages with information on a hibernating market. Really hoping there's no one with a similar job today but, if it happens to be you, please know that it will get better. Someday. Hopefully."
" Deep debt? The high-yield credit crunch seems to be getting even worse, according to new data from Thomson Reuters. It shows that global high-yield issuance is off 75% year-to-date through last Friday, compared to being down only 71% back through Feb. 11. Moreover, the U.S.-specific figure has ticked down from -60% to -66%. The only bright spot is that there has been some global and U.S.-specific improvement in investment grade issuance"
 More transparent: Yesterday I discussed a proposed bill in California that would require public pension funds in the state to require increased disclosure of their private equity (and VC) general partners. I've written a more detailed blog post -- and embedded the actual legislation -- which you can read by going here
" Recommended reading: My Fortune colleague Brian O'Keefe recently visited West Africa to investigate big chocolate's use of child labor, and has written a phenomenal (and disturbing) piece. You will not look at your impulse purchases or kid's Halloween haul the same way again. Find it here"
" Last link: Venture capitalist Mark Suster recently surveyed dozens of limited partners in VC funds, to get their sense of the market in 2016. He has shared the results exclusively with Fortune. Here you go"
" GO Scale Capital is bidding for the non-Lumileds lighting business of Royal Philips NV, according to Bloomberg. The Chinese private equity firm originally had tried to purchase Lumileds, but was blocked last month by U.S. regulators. The new deal could be valued at around $5.4 billion. Read more"
" SomaLogic Inc., a Boulder, Colo.-based protein biomarker discovery and clinical diagnostics company, has raised $60.5 million in combined equity and debt financing from Visium Healthcare Partners. Existing backers include Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Stronghold Capital, ProQuest Investments, Profundix LLC, MorrGold LLC and Quest Diagnostics Inc. www.somalogic.co"
" YourMechanic, a Mountain View, Calif.-based on-demand auto mechanic service, has raised $24 million in new funding. Backers include SoftBank Capital, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, Data Point Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, SAIC, Verizon Ventures, American Family Insurance, PG Ventures, Promus Ventures, and Silicon Valley Bank. www.yourmechanic.co"
" Centage Corp., a Natick, Mass.-based provider of budgeting and forecasting software for small and mid-sized businesses, has raised $13.5 million in Series A funding. TVC Capital led the round, and was joined by Northgate Capital. www.centage.co"
" Replay Technology, a Newark, Calif.-based provider of multi-dimensional video imaging technologies, has raised $13.5 million in Series B funding led by Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners. www.replay-technologies.co"
" Stackla, a social media marketing startup with offices in Australia and San Francisco, has raised A$6.1 million in Series Afunding. Bailador Technology Investments led the round, and was joined by return backers Rampersand and Tony Faure. www.stackla.co"
" Deep Optics, an Israel-based developer of electronic lens and glasses systems, has raised $4 million in Series A funding. Backers include Essilor, Atomics 14 Ventures and Saar Wilf. www.deepoptics.co"
" Hungryroot, a New York-based natural food-based meal-kit delivery service, has raised $3.7 million in new funding from firms like Lightspeed Venture Partners, Lerer Hippeau Ventures and Crosslink Capital. www.hungryroot.co"
" Mariana, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based B2B demand generation platform, has raised $2 million in seed funding led by Blumberg Capital. www.marianaiq.co"
" Videogram (f.k.a. Cinemacraft), an online video monetization platform with offices in Japan and the U.S., has raised around $600,000 in bridge financing, according to TechCrunch. Asahi Broadcasting led the round, and was joined by return backers NTT DoCoMo Ventures, Samsung Ventures, Turner Broadcasting’s Media Camp and Fierce Capital. Read more"
" Accel-KKR has agreed to acquire an equity stake in IntegriChain, a Philadelphia-based cloud software company focused on channel management for life sciences suppliers. No financial terms were disclosed. www.integrichain.co"
" American Securities is in exclusive talks to acquire North American Partners in Anesthesia (NAPA), a Melville, N.Y.-based anesthesia management company, for nearly $1 billion (including debt), according to Reuters. The seller would be Moelis Capital Partners. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group and Vinci Partners have jointly acquired Uniasselvi, a Brazilian distance-learning company, from Brazil-listed Kroton Educational. No financial terms were disclosed. www.grupouniasselvi.com.b"
" Fleur de Lis Energy LLC an Irving, Texas-based oil and gas acquisition platform sponsored by KKR, is seeking to raise upwards of $1 billion in new capital, according to LBO Wire. www.fdlenergy.co"
" KKR has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Mills Fleet Farm, a Midwestern value retailer of lifestyle merchandise with a focus on ""active outdoor families."" No financial terms were disclosed. www.fleetfarm.co"
" Tailwind Capital has acquired Stratix Corp., a Norcross, Ga.-based provider of outsourced managed mobile service solutions for global brands, from Grey Mountain Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.stratixcorp.co"
" White Wolf Capital has acquired Stag Arms LLC, a New Britain, Conn.-based maker of sporting rifles. No financial terms were disclosed. www.stagarms.co"
 No IPO news this morning
" Cisco Systems (Nasdaq: CSCO) has agreed to acquire CliQr, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based provider of hybrid cloud migration and management solutions. The deal is valued at $260 million. CliQr has raised $38 million in VC funding, including a Series C round last summer at a post-money valuation that was shy of $100 million. Backers included Polaris Partners, Foundation Capital, Google Ventures and TransLink Capital. Read more"
" GoPro (Nasdaq: GPRO) has acquired video-editing startups Stupeflix (Paris) and Vemory (Austin, Texas) for a combined $105 million. Stupeflix had been backed by Seedcamp. Read more"
" Mobvista, a Chinese mobile ad platform, has acquired NativeX, a Sartell, Minn.-based developer of ad solutions for mobile games and apps. The deal is valued at around $24.5 million. Mobvista shareholders include Guangzhou Zuoshi Investment Management, Netease Capital, Hunan Satellite Television, Haitong Leading Capital and Shanghai Media Group. NativeX had been backed by Alta Communications and Rio Grande Investment Partners. Read more"
" The Sports Authority, a Leonard Green-backed retailer that is preparing for bankruptcy, has discussed selling stores and other various assets to rival Dick’s Sporting Goods (NYSE: DKS), according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Barclays (LSE: BARC) announced plans to sell its 62% stake in Barclays Africa Group over the next two to three years, ending more than a century of presence on the continent. Read more"
" Chevron (NYSE: CVX) is considering a sale process for its Asian geothermal energy assets, according to Bloomberg. The deal could generate upwards of $3 billion. Read more"
 China Life Insurance has agreed to acquire a 20% stake in China Guangfa Bank from Citigroup (NYSE: C) for around $3 billion. Read more
 Carl Icahn has offered to acquire the 18% he doesn’t already own in Michigan-based auto parts supplier Federal-Mogul (Nasdaq: FDML) for $7 per share (41% premium to prior closing price). Read more
" Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE), owner of The New York Stock Exchange, is considering a takeover bid for London Stock Exchange Group, which currently is in merger talks with Germany’s Deutsche Börse. Read more"
" Toshiba Corp. (Tokyo: 6502) plans to sell its entire medical equipment business, rather than just a controlling stake, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at around $3.5 billion, with both private equity and strategic suitors expected. Read more"
 Tribune Media Co. (NYSE: TRCO) said that it is considering an asset sale or strategic partnerships that could boost its slumping stock price. Read more
" MTS Health Investors is raising upwards of $300 million for its fourth private equity fund, according to a regulatory filing. It already has secured more than $155 million. www.mtsinvestors.co"
" Resolute Ventures is raising upwards of $50 million for its third fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.resolute.v"
"Sequoia Capital is raising its sixth China-focused fund, according to regulatory filings. www.sequoiacap.co"
" Carl Eschenbach, VMWare’s president and chief operating officer, is leaving to join Sequoia Capital as a partner, according to Fortune. Read more"
" Goldman Sachs has named Pete Lyon and David Ludwig as co-heads of equity capital markets in the Americas, according to Reuters. They succeed John Daly, who will become chairman of global equity capital markets. Read more"
 William Kuntz has joined private equity firm Peak Rock Capital as a principal focused on the tech and tech-enabled services sectors. He previously was a principal with Housatonic Partners. www.peakrockcapital.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some notes as we collectively recover from Super Tuesday hangover:
" Personnel scoop: TPG Capital has hired Jack Daly as its new head of industrials, which includes such sub-sectors as manufacturing, business services, distribution and transportation. Daly has spent the past 16 years with Goldman Sachs, most recently in its merchant banking unit as head of a group that focused on control investments in large industrial companies"
"Daly, who was named a partner at Goldman Sachs in 2012, is expected to begin at TPG in a couple of months."
"You might recall that TPG's industrials group was run for years by Kevin Burns, who last year stepped back in order to serve as interim president and COO of yogurt maker Chobani (which in 2014 year received a $750 million loan with warrants from TPG). Burns is now full-time at Chobani, meaning that he is no longer employed at all by TPG. Interim TPG industrials head Nathan Wright will continue to work on the team."
" Driving toward the target: Last night wasn't too kind to Ohio Gov. John Kasich, whose best showing in the Republican primaries were second-place finishes in Vermont and Massachusetts (both behind Trump). But things seem to be doing a bit better for Mark Kvamme, the venture capitalist who quit Sequoia Capital in 2011 to help lead economic development in Ohio for old pal Kasich"
"Kvamme left public service two years later to form Drive Capital, a Midwestern-focused VC firm, with fellow Sequoia vet (and Ohio native) Chris Olsen. Drive closed its debut fund in early 2014 with $250 million, and a new regulatory filing shows that it already has secured more than $200 million for its follow-on vehicle (total target again is $250m). No comment on the fundraise from Drive, natch..."
" Two more political notes: (1) My Fortune colleague Shawn Tully has a deep drive into Donald Trump's finances, and believes that the GOP front-runner has significantly overstated his income. Primarily because Trump seems to have mixed up revenue and income. Read Shawn's full piece by going here"
"(2) In 2014 I wrote a piece about why American voters believe the overall economy was deteriorating, even though they simultaneously reported that their own financial situation wass improving. My working title was: ""Why America's Economy Will Always Suck."" The numbers are obviously dated, but my basic thesis remains intact ― as an fyi, ADP this morning reported 214k new private sector jobs in February ― and may help explain some appeal of both Trump and Sanders. Find it here."
" Survey Says: BDO USA recently surveyed 147 U.S. and Western European private equity fund managers about their 2016 expectations, and 42% of them reported plans to increase disclosures of fees charged to limited partners"
"This is up from 39% who said the same one year earlier, which of course raises a question: Assuming that respondents were mostly the same, does this mean that 81% of PE firms are increasing fee disclosures to LPs? After all, why would a PE firm that increased disclosures in 2015 need to do so again in 2016? Unless it was holding something back in 2015? And, if so, why? You know, if such disclosure is deemed important..."
" The Sports Authority, an Colorado-based sporting goods retailer owned by Leonard Green & Partners, this morning filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The company also announced plans to shutter 140 stores"
"Leonard Green purchased Sports Authority in 2006 for around $1.3 billion, which was partially financed via a $750 million loan package. Sports Authority last month missed a $20 million interest payment, which set the stage for this morning's filing. Read more."
" Marcari, a Japanese P2P marketplace app, has raised around $75 million in Series D funding at a valuation north of $1 billion (making it Japan’s first “unicorn”). Mitsui & Co., Development Bank of Japan and Japan Co-Invest were joined by return backers Globis Capital Partners, World Innovation Lab and Global Brain. Read more"
" Blippar, a UK-based image-recognition platform for brands, has raised $54 million in Series D funding led by Malaysia’s state-run Khazanah Nasional Berhad. Returning shareholders include Qualcomm Ventures and Landsdowne Partners. Read more"
" Influitive, a Toronto-based advocate marketing startup, has raised $8.2 million in new Series B funding. The round total is now $38.7 million. Leaders Fund and Export Development Canada led the extension, and were joined by return backers Georgian Partners, Relay Ventures, BDC Capital IT Venture Fund and OurCrowd, www.influitive.co"
" WellDoc, a Baltimore-based maker of a diabetes management app, has raised $7.5 million in new Series B funding from Johnson & Johnson, as part of a broader strategic agreement. This brings the Series B round total to $29.5 million, including an earlier close led by Samsung Ventures. www.welldoc.co"
" Eight (f.k.a. Luna), a New York-based maker of smart mattress covers, has raised $6 million in seed funding. Backers include Y Combinator, Yunqui Partners, Azure Capital, Cota Capital, Comcast Ventures, Vast Ventures, Stanford University and Galvanize Ventures. www.eightsleep.co"
" Appvance, a San Jose, Calif.-based unified enterprise software and application testing platform, has raised $5 million in VC funding led by Javelin Venture Partners. www.appvance.co"
" Bandar Foods, a Philadelphia-based maker of Indian-inspired snacks and condiments, has raised $2 million in seed funding from ACP, AccelFoods, Volta Global and Karl Ulrich. www.bandarfoods.co"
" Carsome, a Malaysia-based marketplace that matches car buyers and sellers, has raised $2 million in Series A funding. IdeaRiverRun led the round, and was joined by 500 Startups and IMG Investment Partners. www.carsome.m"
" Jobbatical, an Estonia-based global tech jobs marketplace, has raised $2 million in VC funding. Union Square Ventures led the round, and was joined by LocalGlobe and return backer Smartcap. Read more"
" MedyMatch Technology, an Israeli developer of AI solutions for the medical imaging market, has raised $2 million in seed funding from Genesis Capital and Exigent Alternative Capital. www.medymatch.co"
" Apollo Global Management, The Blackstone Group and Madison Dearborn each have reached the final round of bidding for a group of assets being sold by beverage can makers Ball Corp. (NYSE: BLL) and Rexam PLC (LSE: REX) ― to facilitate the former’s purchase of the latter ―  according to Reuters. The final deal could be worth between $3 billion and $4 billion, with Irish packaging conglomerate Ardagh Group also reported to be preparing a bid. Read more"
" Duke Street Capital has led an acquisition of Medi-Globe, a German maker of medical devices focused on gastroenterology and flexible endoscopy. Other members of the purchasing group included DB Private Equity, Atnahs Capital, Brederode and Harwood Capital. Sellers included venture firm GUB Wagniskapital. No financial terms were disclosed, but eFinancial News put the price tag at between €100 million and €150 million. Read more"
" eSolutions Inc., an Olathe, Kansas-based provider of healthcare technology and analytics solutions, has acquired ClaimRemedi, a Santa Rosa, Calif.-based provider of billing systems and clearinghouse services for the healthcare industry. No financial terms were disclosed. eSolutions is backed by Francisco Partners. www.esolutionsinc.co"
" Quantros Inc., a Milpitas, Calif.-based provider of enterprise safety risk management solutions to the healthcare industry, has acquired Comparion Medical Analytics, a Greenville, S.C.-based healthcare information services company. No financial terms were disclosed. Quantros is backed by Francisco Partners and Ascension Partners. www.comparionanalytics.co"
" Searchlight Capital Partners has acquired a majority equity stake in 160over90, a branding and creative services agency with offices in Philadelphia, Newport Beach, Calif. And Gainesville, Florida. No financial terms were disclosed. www.160over90.co"
" Ratos AB has retained banks ABG Sundal Collier and SEB to advise it on a flotation or sale of ArcusGruppen, a Norwegian wine and spirits retailer that had around $286 million in 2015 revenue, according to Reuters. Read more"
 Actis has sold its minority equity stake in Chinese budget hotel chain Plateno Hotel Group (f.k.a. 7 Days Inn) to Shanghai JinJiang International Hotels Development at an overall enterprise value of around $1.53 billion. www.act.i
" Actis has agreed to sell Emerging Markets Payments, a South Africa-based provider of electronic payment services in Africa and the Middle East, to Network International for an undisclosed amount. www.emp-group.co"
 Centre Lane Partners has agreed to sell New York-based publisher Perseus Books Group to Hachette Book Group for an undisclosed amount. Greenhill & Co. managed the process. www.perseusbooksgroup.co
" EQT Partners is seeking a buyer for Atos Medical AB, a Sweden-based maker of medical devices to treat ear, nose and throat conditions, according to the WSJ. A deal could be valued at around €1 billion. Read more"
" Ant Financial, the financial affiliate of Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA), is in talks to invest in Chinese business magazine publisher Caixin Media, according to Bloomberg. Alibaba previously agreed to purchase the South China Morning Post newspaper. Read more"
" SABMiller (LSE: SAB) has agreed to sell its 49% stake in Snow, the world’s best-selling beer, to existing majority shareholder China Resources Beer for around $1.6 billion. The divestiture is aimed at helping SABMiller gain approval for its takeover by Anheuser-Busch InBev. Read more"
" WL Ross & Co. is raising its sixth flagship fund, according to a regulatory filing. No target was listed. www.wlross.co"
 H.I.G. Capital has promoted both John Von Bargen and Todd Ofenloch to managing directors in its U.S. leveraged buyout group. www.higcapital.co
" Benjamin Lehrer has joined New York-based financial consultancy Accordian Partners as a Houston-based partner. He previously founded First Water Advisors and, before that, spent time on the private equity team at Fortress Investment Group. www.accordianpartners.co"
" Brennan Libbey has joined Livingstone as a Los Angeles-based partner, and head of the investment bank’s U.S. business services and West Coast teams. He previously led the business and tech services group at UBS. www.livingstonepartners.co"
 Tom Schramkowski has joined Seyfarth Shaw LLP as an Atlanta-based partner in the law firm’s corporate practice. He previously was a corporate partner focused on M&A with Troutman Sanders LLP. www.seyfarth.co
 Trinity Ventures has promoted Matthew Goldstein to principal. He joined the firm in 2013 as an associate. www.trinityventures.co
" Archie Yaffe has joined GI Partners as its first operating principal, with a focus on supporting portfolio companies. He previously was a principal with Lee Equity Partners. www.gipartners.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Former Snapchat and Instagram executive Emily White has created a high-end personal concierge startup, according to multiple sources."
"The new Santa Monica, Calif.-based startup is called Mave, and is described by one source as a “chief of staff for your household.”"
"Indeed, Mave’s website is adorned with the image of a woman whose shirt is covered with pinned notes like “Schedule haircuts” and “Pick up the kids at 4:00.” An archived version of the site says that the company pairs “smart, experiences virtual personal assistants -- Maves -- with category experts, machine learning technology, and a black book of ‘Best Of’ in your neighborhood.” Sounds like a cross between Zirtual and Facebook M, except that many of the fulltime “Maves” apparently “have supported celebs and high-profile execs.”"
"I’m told that the company has raised seed funding primarily from Los Angeles-area angels, but that there also have been some talks with Silicon Valley venture firms."
"White spent the first nine years of her tech career at Google, before leaving in late 2010 to join Facebook (where she eventually led Instagram’s business operations). In early 2014 she left Facebook to become chief operating officer at Snapchat, but only lasted through last March."
"She declined to comment on Mave, saying via email that to do so would be “premature.”"
" Journo dreams: Mitt Romney today will give a speech that is expected to lay out a Republican case against Donald Trump, and there is a tiny bit of speculation that the Bain Capital founder could be positioning himself as the nominee of a brokered convention. Or even jump into the race beforehand (psst Mitt: Ben Carson's lectern is available at tonight's debate...). Almost impossible for me to imagine but, from a perspective of pure self-interest, I'm rooting for it"
" Classy CEO: It can't be easy being an employee at LinkedIn right now, even if you're celebrating a work anniversary. The company's stock price dropped a precipitous 47% earlier this month (down over 60% from last November), and today is sitting at around $118 per share (it opened one year ago at $265 per share)"
"So it was welcome news yesterday to see that CEO Jeff Weiner has not only foregone his annual stock grant ― valued at around $14 million ― but asked that the shares be put back into the employee stock pool. To be sure, Jeff is still doing fine (at last check his base salary was $600k, and he holds more than $12m in existing shares), but this is clearly doing the right thing by his employees. And, in doing so, the right thing by his company and its shareholders."
------------------------
" By now you've probably heard that Aubrey McClendon, the shale gas pioneer and former Chesapeake Energy CEO, yesterday died in an auto crash. The incident occurred just one day after McClendon was indicted by federal authorities for alleged bid-rigging on oil and gas acreage deals"
"McClendon has been in this space from time to time due to his creation of American Energy Partners, and oil and gas platform whose various projects had secured financing from such firms as First Reserve, Blackstone Group's GSO Capital and Energy & Minerals Group. In January, AEP had signed a preliminary agreement worth more than $500 million with state-run Argentinian energy firm YPF to explore shale in the Vaca Muerta formation."
"It currently is unclear what will become of AEP, or its various exploration agreements (including the one with YPF, which may or may not have been finalized). I hope to have more information soon on the business ramifications of this personal tragedy. No official comment yet from First Reserve or Blackstone."
" BeIN Media Group of Qatar has acquired Hollywood film studio Miramax Group from Colony Capital. No financial terms were disclosed, although the original asking price was a reported $1 billion. Colony had paid around $660 million to purchase Miramax in 2010 from Walt Disney Co. Read more"
" Africa Internet Group, the operator of Africa-focused e-commerce sites like Jumia, has raised €300 million in new funding from Goldman Sachs and return backers MTN and Rocket Internet. The round also includes a previously-disclosed €75 million investment from AXA Insurance (which gave AXA an 8% ownership stake). Read more"
" XJet, an Israeli developer of 3D printing solutions for metal parts, has raised $25 million in funding led by Catalyst CEL and Autodesk. Read more"
" Oro, a Los Angeles-based provider of open-source business platforms for CRM and B2B e-commerce, has raised $12 million from Highland Europe. www.orocrm.co"
" Fe3 Medical, a San Antonio, Texas-based developer of a transdermal patch for patients suffering from iron-deficiency anemia, has raised $11 million in Series B funding. Jianmin Pharmaceuticals, HG Capital and PingAn Ventures were joined by return backer InCube Ventures. www.fe3medical.co"
" GoTenna, a Brooklyn-based device that lets smartphones communicate without cell towers, WiFi roters or satellites, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Walden Venture Capital led the round, and was joined by MentorTech Ventures, BBG Ventures Bloomberg Beta and Wareness.io. www.gotenna.co"
" Augment, a Paris-based augmented reality platform that “allows users to envision any object in their current environment through a simple mobile app,” has raised $4.7 million in VC funding led by Salesforce Ventures. www.augment.co"
" LabConnect, a Seattle-based provider of central laboratory and support services for the pharma, medical device and contract research market, has raised $4 million in funding from BroadOak Capital Partners. www.labconnectllc.co"
" Wrap Media, a San Francisco-based platform for creating interactive mobile media, has raised $4 million in new VC funding from Tokyo-based Dream Incubator. Read more"
" Pathmatics, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based intelligence platform for the online advertising industry, has raised $3 million in Series A funding. Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments led the round, and was joined by Wavemaker Partners, Manatt Venture Partners and return backers Upfront Ventures, Karlin Ventures, Baroda Ventures, Double M Partners and Daher Capital. www.pathmatics.co"
" BigID, a New York-based enterprise platform for privacy management, has raised around $2 million in VC funding, according to a regulatory filing. Board members include Gil Beyda (Genacast Ventures) and Ed Sim (Boldstart Ventures)"
" SourceKnowledge, a Montreal-based provider of video advertising technology, has raised C$1.5 million in financing from BDC Capital. www.sourceknowledge.co"
" Arbor Investments has acquired South Coast Baking LLC, an Irvine, Calif.-based commercial bakery. No financial terms were disclosed. www.southcoastbaking.co"
" Motion PT Group, a New York-based provider of physical therapy and occupational therapy services, has acquired Community Physical Therapy, which operates in Queens, Manhattan and Brooklyn. No financial terms were disclosed. Motion PT is a portfolio company of Pharos Capital Group. www.motionptg.co"
" Pegasus Optimization Managers, a College Station, Texas-based provider of natural gas contract compression services, has launched with a $175 million equity commitment from Apollo Global Management. Pegasus is led by Randy Dean and Chad Lenamon, former presidents of CDM Resource Management LLC. www.pegasus15.co"
" Worldwide Flight Services., an Irving, Texas-based portfolio company of Platinum Equity Partners, has acquired Consolidated Aviation Services, a cargo handler with operations at 45 airports, from ICV Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.wfs.aer"
" Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Waltham, Mass.-based developer of entinostat as a combination therapy in multiple cancer indications, raised $53 million in its IPO. The pre-revenue company priced 4.4 million shares at $12 per share (below $14-$16 range), for an initial market cap of around $208 million. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SNDX, while Morgan Stanley and Citigroup served as co-lead underwriters. Syndax had raised over $170 million in VC funding -- including an $80 million Series C round last year -- from firms like Domain Associates (19.6% pre-IPO stake), MPM Capital (16.7%), Fidelity (11.2%), Delos Investments (9.1%), RMI Investments (7.5%), BlackRock (5.3%), EcoR1 Capital, OrbiMed Advisors, Jennison Associates, Tavistock Life Sciences, Arrowpoint Partners, Cormorant Asset Management, BioMed Ventures, RusnanoMedInvest and Forward Ventures. www.syndax.co"
" Marlin Equity has agreed to sell Openwave Messaging Inc., a San Mateo, Calif.-based enterprise messaging platform, to Synchronoss Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq: SNCR). No financial terms were disclosed. www.owmessaging.co"
" RNTS, the listed German parent company of Fyber and Heyzap, has acquired Inneractive Ltd., an Israeli real-time bidding and mobile ad exchange platform. The deal is valued at up to $72 million, including $46 million in cash and $26 million in retention payments and possible earn-outs. Sellers include Evergreen Venture Partners and Kreos Capital. Read more"
" SugarCRM has acquired the IP rights and other assets of Contastic, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based natural language processing platform designed “to automatically recommend the best content for individuals to send to their contacts.” No financial terms were disclosed. Cupertino, Calif.-based SugarCRM has raised over $100 million from firms like DFJ, New Enterprise Associates, Goldman Sachs and Walden Venture Capital. Contastic backers included IDG Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Procyon Ventures, Social Starts and ZPark Ventures. www.sugarcrm.co"
" 50 South Capital Advisors, an investment advisory subsidiary of Northern Trust (Nasdaq: NTRS), has agreed to acquire the investment management business of Aurora Investment Management, a Chicago-based provider of hedge fund solutions, from Natixis Global Asset Management. No financial terms were disclosed. www.50southcapital.co"
" Samsonite International (HK: 1910) is nearing an agreement to acquire luxury luggage maker Tumi Holdings (NYSE: TUMI), according to the WSJ. A deal could be valued at nearly $2 billion. Read more"
" FreshTracks Capital, a Vermont-based venture capital firm, is raising upwards of $25 million for its fourth fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.freshtrackscap.co"
" Kensington Capital Partners has closed a new venture capital fund focused on Canadian tech startups, with C$306 million in capital commitments. www.kcpl.c"
" Pfingsten, a Chicago-based private equity firm focused on middle-market manufacturing, distribution and business services companies, has closed its fifth fund with $382 million in capital commitments. www.pfingsten.co"
" XPND Capital, a Quebec-based growth equity firm, has closed its second fund with C$75 million in capital commitments. Limited partners include Fonds de solidarité FTQ, Fondaction CSN and Investissement Québec. www.xpnd.co"
" Tailwater Capital, a Dallas-based private equity firm focused on the energy sector, has closed its fourth fund with $218 million in capital commitments. www.tailwatercapital.co"
" Eric Dobkin, a Goldman Sachs partner who has been referred to as “the father of the modern IPO,” is retiring after 49 years with the firm. Read more"
" Fred Fraenkel has joined investment bank Cowen Group as vice chairman. He is the former vice chairman of ING Barings Furman Selz, and also founded a VC firm called Millennium 3 Capital. www.cowen.co"
" Mike Goss, the former chief financial officer of Bain Capital, has joined auction house Sotheby’s (NYSE: BID) as CFO. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Around 250 people lost their livelihoods last week, when a 20 year-old Alabama blood-testing company called Atherotech suddenly shut its doors. No warning. No severance. No real job placement assistance."
And now there is plenty of blame to go around.
"Atherotech has been owned since late 2010 by Behrman Capital, a New York private equity firm that currently is investing out of a $1 billion fund. Not too many people outside of Birmingham paid attention to the original buyout ― which was financed by Chicago-based Madison Capital Funding and local lender Regions Bank ― likely because the company had just around $30 million in revenue and was eking out just $4 million in profit."
"Behrman, however, had plans to significantly grow Atherotech, which held license to a proprietary direct measurement test for cholesterol. Within a few years, the company was experiencing 40% annual growth, with revenue hitting $120 million and profitability up to $14 million."
"It was at this point, however, when Behrman made what now looks like a terrible mistake. The private equity firm executed a dividend recap, which basically means that it took cash out of the company by adding new debt. Again, both Madison Capital Partners and Regions Bank participated."
"Behrman was betting that the company's rapid growth would continue, or at least remain between 20% and 25%. And, even if things slowed a bit, the new leverage only put the company's debt-to-EBITDA ratio at around 3.5x. Not as light as it would have been without the dividend recap, but still fairly conservative by private equity standards."
"What Behrman's model didn't allow for, however, were a series of external industry events that severely ate into Atherotech's bottom line. Nor that Atherotech would play an unwitting role in those events."
"Sometime in 2013 or 2014, sources say that Atherotech was among several whistleblowers who brought concerns to the U.S. Department of Justice about a Virginia-based blood testing company called Health Diagnostics Laboratories Inc. Those alerts ultimately triggered an investigation that found HDL had basically been paying kickbacks to physicians in order to send blood tests to HDL. It became a full-blown scandal that resulted in HDL CEO Tonya Mallory's resignation and a giant settlement with DoJ that resulted in HDL filing for bankruptcy protection."
"While all of that should have theoretically benefited a rival like Atherotech, it instead caused federal regulators to begin paying much more attention to the overall industry (including to Atherotech in particular, although I've been unable to find any record of charges or settlements). Former company employees say that the number of regulatory notices began increasing substantially, costing countless employee hours and millions of dollars for legal and regulatory compliance."
"""There was just this massive ripple effect throughout the entire industry and, unless you were a giant like LabCorp (lh), it took a major toll,"" one source explained."
"At the same time, insurers began lowering reimbursements for VAP tests, thus putting pressure on margins, and Atherotech experienced higher salesforce turnover than it had anticipated (in part due to what Behrman later determined was a poorly-structured compensation model)."
"By the middle of 2015, Atherotech was losing money. Behrman opted to invest $7 million of extra capital into the business, as part of a restructuring that also saw the introduction of a new CEO, Jim McClintic, who had led a previous Behrman portfolio company in the lab space (which later sold to LabCorp for $150 million). Madison Capital Funding extended an additional $3 million line of credit, but Regions Bank declined to increase its own exposure."
"McClintic initiated several rounds of layoffs at Atherotech, which at its height had employed more than 300 people ― stripping out around 35% of costs. He also pushed forward on development with a pair of new tests that, if successful, could have lessened the company's margin pressure. By Q4, however, the company remained unprofitable and in violation of its bank covenants. It hired Lincoln International to initiate a sale (the lenders were represented by Alvarez & Marsal), with around 50 potential suitors contacted. No acceptable bids emerged in November or December and, by January, Behrman itself offered to recapitalize the company with another $7 million in new equity."
"Multiple sources say that Madison Capital Funding accepted Behrman's proposal, but again Regions Bank ― which was responsible for around 45% of the existing $40 million credit facility ― declined. According to one source, Regions told Behrman and Madison that it would prefer a liquidation to the restructuring offer."
"""Behrman and Madison arrogantly just assumed that Regions would do what they demanded,"" says a former Atherotech executive. ""And then Regions responded by acting like a petulant child, not seeming to care about all of the jobs that were at stake... Regions also put someone in Charlotte [Doug Smith] in charge of the negotiations, even though Regions is actually based in Birmingham. At the end some Birmingham people tried getting involved, but by then it was really too late."""
"The same executive added that the debt burden, placed on Atherotech by the 2013 recap, ""almost made the company like quicksand ― the more you struggle, the more it pulls you in."""
"Two weeks ago, Atherotech held an all-hands meeting in which its CEO told employees that numbers were improving, but acknowledged the existential threat. One week after that, everyone received an email saying that it was over. Full-time employees with benefits were paid through last Thursday (including accrued PTO), but there was no money left for severance. Several employees were given contact information for employment agencies that the company had previously utilized, for the purposes of future job placement."
"By close of business last Friday, Behrman resigned its board seats and turned the company over to its lenders. Papers were drawn up for a Chapter 7 liquidation but, as of yesterday afternoon, they had not yet been filed. My understanding is that it's just a matter of time."
"What's particularly strange about Region's push for liquidation, however, is that Atherotech's primary asset cannot actually be sold. That would be its central technology, which actually was licensed from The University of Alabama. In a Chapter 7 proceeding, it goes back to the University. Outside of that the only remaining value is in receivables and an owed tax refund."
"None of the three financial players agreed to comment on the record for this story. I asked Regions Bank repeatedly to speak with Doug Smith, but was rebuffed."
"""A couple weeks ago I thought the company could be saved, that Behrman and Madison would be able to keep the doors open,"" says a laid-off employee. ""Now I've got a job interview on Monday and am keeping my fingers crossed."""
----------------------
" Old Normal: Last summer, First Round Capital took the highly unusual step of publishing its quarterly letter to limited partners. At issue was the tech bubble, and if it would soon burst. It didn't take a frmal position, but did argue that too few VC firms are considering how increased entry prices must be accompanied by similarly increased exit prices, or else returns will suffer"
"Today, First Round again is publishing quarterly LP letter. This time it argues that the recent funding and valuation pullback is not a ""temporary blip."" It argues that this is a correction of public vs. private market dislocation, which last year was analogous to minor league players refusing call-ups because they'd make less money in the big leagues. In short, a return to the 'old normal.'"
Read the entire letter by going here.
 Have a great weekend..
 H.I.G. Capital has agreed to acquire the Quicken personal finance software business from Intuit (Nasdaq: INTU). No financial terms were disclosed. Read more
" Snapchat has raised $175 million in new funding from existing investor Fidelity, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Mapillary, a Sweden-based photomapping platform, has raised $8 million in Series A funding. Atomico led the round, and was joined by Sequoia Capital, LDV Capital and Playfair. www.mapillary.co"
" Comparably, a platform that provides compensation data for public and private companies, has raised $6.5 million in funding led by Crosslink Capital. Read more"
" LTG Exam Platform, a Boston-based developer of mobile apps for standardized test preparation, has raised $5.325 million in Series A funding led by Square Peg Capital. www.ltgexam.co"
" Exo, a New York-based startup that is “developing insects as an alternative protein source,” has raised $4 million in Series A funding. AccelFoods led the round, and was joined by Collaborative Fund and individual angels like Tim Ferriss and Nas. www.exoprotein.co"
" Phenom People, a Philadelphia-based provider of talent relationship marketing, has raised $2.7 million in new Series A funding led by Sigma Prime. The round total is now $7.6 million, including a prior tranche led by Sierra Ventures. www.phenompeople.co"
" OrthoFi Inc., a Wayne, Penn-based provider of practice financial management software for orthodontists, has secured an undisclosed amount of funding from Boathouse Capital. www.orthofi.co"
" Ankura Consulting Group, a Dallas-based business advisory and expert services firm, has secured a $100 million growth equity commitment from Madison Dearborn Partners. www.ankuraconsultinggroup.co"
" Inmark Packaging, an Austell, Ga.-based distributor of rigid container and life sciences packaging, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Quad-C Management. www.inmarkpackaging.co"
" Investcorp has acquired a majority equity stake in The Wrench Group, a provider of home maintenance and repair services. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Alpine Investors, Skylight Capital and company management. www.thewrenchgroup.co"
" Vista Equity Partners has completed its previously-announced take-private acquisition of Solera Holdings, a Westlake, Texas-based provider of risk management software to insurers, for approximately $6.5 billion (including assumed debt). The $55.85 per share deal represented a 53% premium over Solera's closing price on August 3, which is when public talk of a deal first surfaced. www.solerainc.co"
" Line Corp., a South Korean messaging app provider, is prepping a $3 billion dual flotation in New York and Tokyo, according to IFR. The company had scrapped plans for an earlier IPO last year. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group has hired Credit Suisse to find a buyer for Zodiac Pool Solutions, a Vista, Calif.-based maker of swimming pool and spa equipment, according to Reuters. A sale could be valued at around $800 million, including debt. Read more"
" Perseus Books Group, a New York-based book publisher owned by Centre Lane Partners, has agreed to sell its client services business to Nashville, Tenn.-based Ingram Content Group. No financial terms were disclosed. Earlier this week, Perseus announced plans to sell its publishing arm to Hachette Book Group. www.perseusbooksgroup.co"
" AMC Entertainment (NYSE: AMC) has agreed to acquire Carmike Cinemas (Nasdaq: CKEC), a Columbus, Ga.-based movie theater chain, for $737 million in cash (or $1.1 billion, including assumed debt). The $30 per share deal represents a 19% premium over Carmike’s closing stock price on Thursday. "
" Docker, a San Francisco-based open-source data platform, has acquired stealthy orchestration startup Conductant. No financial terms were disclosed. Docker has raised over $180 million in VC funding, most recently at a $1.1 billion valuation. Read more"
"Virtusa Corp. (Nasdaq: VRTU) of Massachusetts has acquired the outstanding shares of Polaris Consulting & Services Ltd., an India-based consultancy focused on the global financial services sector. The deal is valued at nearly $166 million. www.virtusa.com"
" Hummer Winblad Venture Partners is raising up to $125 million for its seventh fund ― its first not to feature co-founders John Hummer or Ann Winblad among the general partners. Instead, Hummer and Winblad are now referred to on the firm’s website as “founding partners,” while the SEC document lists Lars Leckie, Mirtchell Kertzman and Steve Kishi as partners. www.hwvp.co"
" Goldman Sachs plans to lay off more than 5% of the traders and salespeople in its fixed income unit, according to Bloomberg. Meanwhile, the same story reports that BofA Merrill Lynch next week plans to lay off around 150 traders and investment bankers. Read more"
 Jean Michel has joined Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec as an executive vice president. He previously was president of Air Canada Pension Investments. www.cdpq.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some notes to kick off your Monday...
" Down rounding: Last month, the WSJ reported that on-demand food delivery company DoorDash recently “sold shares at a 16%” discount. Actually, that's not technically true. DoorDash did indeed authorize the sale of $150 million worth of shares at (nearly) a 16% discount, but the round still isn't completely closed (reports suggest the final total will be closer to $110 million)"
"Of greater interest, however, is that the original story referred to this deal as a ""down round,"" something that co-founder and CEO Tony Xu subsequently denied in an interview with Quartz."
"From what I can tell, the conflict centers on how one actually defined down-round, in the context of share price vs. valuation. Yes, DoorDash is telling shares cheaper in its new Series C round than in its prior Series B round. But, at the same time, the company will be more highly valued after its Series C round than it was after its Series B round. Read more by going here."
" The deal-maker's dilemma: In defending his past campaign contributions to Democrats (namely Hillary Clinton), Donald Trump has repeatedly said that it was just the cost of doing business. If he wanted to get his deals done, he had to play nice with everyone"
"Okay, but doesn't that then undercut his primary argument for the White House? Today he clearly isn't playing nice with everyone, particularly Democrats. Yet he's still promising to make the same types of ""great"" deals that he made as a businessman ― despite having intentionally burned down what he has said was the necessary scaffolding."
" Speaking of politics: Lots of buzz over the weekend from an interview that Chamath Palihapitiya, a former Facebook exec and founder of VC firm Social Capital, gave to Business Insider. In it, he talked about his hopes for a Mike Bloomberg presidential campaign, and then said this"
"""I've told them [Bloomberg's folks] that most of us would pause our day jobs to get him elected. I've offered to run 'Growth' for the period of his campaign. We are 100% serious... The same team that helped build Facebook to one billion users would do our best to activate the entire United States to put him in The White House."""
"My gut reaction (via Twitter) was that Palihapitiya's offer could constitute a breach of fiduciary duty to Social Capital's limited partners (the firm's third flagship fund closed just last year). Not only in terms of active portfolio management, but in terms of possibly missing out on quality investment opportunities between the summer conventions and November election."
"Palihapitiya replied (again via Twitter), first saying that Social Capital is budget based and that he is its largest LP. When I pushed back a bit, he wrote: ""We have built a lot of code that helps us engage deeply with out portfolio companies now...  It's a semi-supervised system...needed upfront and then during exceptions. #TradeSecrets"""
"I couldn't quite tell if this was tongue-in-cheek or a cop-out, so I reached out to a Social Capital spokeswoman. She replied that Palihapitiya's use of ""pause"" was only in the context of a few people working with Bloomberg campaign staffers for a few days, and that the firm would not actually suspend its core operations for the length of a (still hypothetical) campaign."
" Deal data: Global announced M&A totaled $453 billion through last Thursday, according to Thomson Reuters. That's off 17% from the same period in 2015, while U.S.-specific M&A is off 22%. Global private equity volume is at $44.7 billion, which is down 45% (U.S. is 54% off pace)"
"One other interesting data point is that ""Any China Involvement M&A"" is at $135.2 billion, which is a 71% year-to-date increase over 2015. It's also the highest period for such deal activity since Thomson Reuters began keeping such records in 1980."
" Correction: In Friday's column about the shutdown of Atherotech, I mistakenly wrote that Madison Capital Funding and Regions Bank provided loans to support Behrman Capital's original buyout. They did not. Instead, they both became involved during the dividend recap. Also, the lead should have said that ""more than 225"" people lost their jobs when the company closed late last month. It had employed more than 300 people at its peak last year, before beginning layoffs. You can find the full story here"
" Publishing note: Tomorrow's Term Sheet will be published from 30,000 feet, as I'm heading out to San Francisco for a couple of days. So preemptive apologies if it's a bit late"
" BASF (DB: BAS) is prepping a takeover offer for DuPont (NYSE: DD), which in December agreed to a $130 billion mega-merger with Dow Chemical (NYSE: DOW), according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Property Partner, a UK-based property crowdfunding platform, has raised £12.9 million in Series B funding. Octopus Ventures led the round, and was joined by Dawn Capital. The company also secured £3 million in venture debt from Silicon Valley Bank. Read more"
" LightSail, a New York-based adaptive literacy solution for K-12 education, has raised $11 million in Series B funding. Scott Cook (co-founder of Intuit) led the round, and was joined by the Bezos Family Foundation. www.lightsailed.co"
" Culture Amp, a San Francisco-based “people analytics platform” for insights on employee engagement and company culture, has raised $10 million in Series B funding. Index Ventures led the round, and was joined by Felicis Ventures and Blackbird Ventures. www.cultureamp.co"
" Zaloni Inc., a Durham, N.C.-based data lake startup, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Sierra Ventures led the round, and was joined by Baird Capital. www.zaloni.co"
" Correction: Routific, a Vancouver-based provider of route optimization software, recently raised $1.2 million in seed funding from firms like Pallasite Ventures and FireStarter Fund. The raise was in U.S., not Canadian, dollars"
" Bodytech Corp., a Colombia-based gym chain in Latin America, has secured an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from L Catterton. www.lcatterton.co"
" Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Saudi Agricultural and Livestock Investment Co. each have submitted bids for a minority equity stake in Glencore PLC’s (LSE: GLEN) agriculture unit, according to Bloomberg. The entire business is estimated to be worth around $10.5 billion. Read more"
" Distribution International Inc., a Houston-based portfolio company of Advent International, has acquired 3i Supply Co., a Midland, Mich.-based distributor of mechanical and industrial insulation, fabricated products, refractory and removable insulation pads. www.distributioninternational.co"
" Protector Holdings, a San Francisco-based joint venture between Epic Insurance Brokers & Consultants and Dowling Capital Partners, has acquired BetterWay Insurance Services, a Concord, Calif.-based insurer focused on Hispanic consumers. No financial terms were disclosed. www.protectorholdings.co"
" Staff Finder, a European on-demand marketplace for temporary staffing, has secured an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from One Peak Partners and Goldman Sachs Private Capital. www.staff-finder.job"
" Thomson Reuters Corp. (NYSE: TRI) has hired JPMorgan Chase and Guggenheim Securities to find a buyer for its Intellectual Property & Science unit, which could be worth around $3 billion, according to Bloomberg. Likely suitors include Advent International, BC Partners, Cinven and KKR. Read more"
" Atkore International Group, a Harvey, Ill.-based maker of electrical circuitry raceway products for non-residential construction and renovation markets, has filed for a $100 million IPO. Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank and J.P. Morgan are serving as lead underwriters. The company reports around $67.3 million of net income on $6.4 billion in revenue for the 12 months ending Dec. 25, 2015. It is owned by Clayton Dubilier & Rice. www.atkore.co"
" Hunting Dog Capital Corp., a San Francisco-based provider of financing solutions to lower middle-market companies, has filed for a $50 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol HDCC, with WR Hambrecht serving as lead underwriter. As part of the offering, the issuer would acquire Hunting Dog Capital LLC. www.hdcap.co"
" BBVA has acquired Holvi, a Helsinki-based online banking startup. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Seedcamp. Read more"
" TowerBrook Capital Partners has agreed to sell a majority equity stake in Van Geloven, a Dutch snack-maker that TowerBrook acquired just last year, to Toronto-based McCain Foods Ltd. No financial terms were disclosed. TowerBrook will retain a minority position. Read more"
" Kirchhofer, a Swiss luxury watch and jewelry retailer that has been family owned since its 1944 founding, is seeking a buyer, according to Reuters. The company generates around $302 million in annual revenue. Read more"
" Old Mutual PLC (LSE: OML) is considering all strategic options, including a possible takeover or break-up. Read more"
" Cinven next month is expected to close its sixth flagship fund with around €6.5 billion in capital commitments, according to Private Equity International. www.cinven.co"
" Jefferies Group is planning to merge its high-yield bond business with the high-yield business of MassMutual Financial Group, according to Reuters. As part of the move, Kevin Lockhart has stepped down as Jefferies’ head of leveraged finance and Adam Sokoloff has stepped down as global head of financial sponsors. Read more"
" North Edge Capital, a British buyout firm focused on opportunities in Northern England, has closed its second fund with £300 million in capital commitments. Read more"
" Janish Patel has joined HarbourVest Partners as a London-based principal, focused on investor relations. He previously was an IR-focused managing director with CVC Capital Partners. www.harbourvest.co"
" Tim Pryce reportedly has stepped down as CEO of Terra Firma Capital Partners, a firm he co-founded seven years ago with Guy Hands (who will serve as CEO on an interim basis). He is expected to remain a member of the firm’s board. Read more"
" Alok Sanghvi has joined H.I.G. Capital as a managing director and head of middle-market business services investments. He previously led corporate development at MultiPlan Inc. and, before that, spent time at Warburg Pincus. H.I.G.’s middle market group also has promoted Matt Lozow to managing director. www.higcapital.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The sun is shining, the IPO market is stalled and I'm at 30,000 feet on my way to San Francisco. In other words, it's time for some Tuesday Talk-Back:"
" First up are a couple of emails related to yesterday's note on DoorDash. In short, you all thought my partial defense of company CEO Tony Xu's ""down round"" comments were absurd"
"Allesandro: ""The DoorDash question discussion is quite silly. If I’m an existing investor in the company, the value of my existing shares decreases and hence this is a down round. It’s like claiming that my fund’s NAV increased due to a capital call. What matters is the TVPI, not the absolute value."""
"Justin: ""Either way, the lower price is still a down round based on the pre-money (should be the basis of down rounds). There is a line between amount raised and price-per-share to affect the post-money and provide an up/flat/down round based on post-money. You also have to take into consideration the additional shares that are put into the stack at the lower pps... If the new pps for this current C round was at a ~20% discount (rather than 15.68%), then you could be looking at a ""flat"" round based on the post-money. In the longer run, they can figure it out when they run a waterfall at various exit prices (which I am sure they have done), then they can decide what to call the round."""
" Stuart on the Atherotech situation: ""Regions' behavior in this case is basically a function of increased regulation through the years. Non-regulated lenders such as Madison Capital have the flexibility to double-down on a bad loan for the sake of providing necessary liquidity which could ultimately save the company. Regulated banks such as Regions can't really do this. Regulators then hammer them for throwing good (depositor) money after bad. Since the late 80's, it's been pretty standard for commercial banks to immediately liquidate bad assets under any circumstances, regardless of whether they believe a Company can be saved, because regulators still tend to take a black-and-white view of everything, thus prohibiting such a subjective decision by the bank in a work-out. Similarly, banks won't convert their debt to equity anymore, because equity is too risky. Regions could be found at fault for seeking liquidation when it wasn't feasible (key asset licensed from University of Alabama). However, in today's banking environment they didn't really have another choice."
"Stanley: ""Regions might have been the hit man, but they were hired by the private equity firm that did a dividend recap."""
" Herminio: ""Do you know what valuation method Fidelity uses for their [private company] investments?"" Nope. They don't say"
" Tony: ""TimeHoo…Priceless.  Keep up the great work Dan. Humor and solid analysis is why I love the TermSheet."
"Marco: ""TimeHoo? Could you be any more juvenile? Not the sort of thing I'd expect from the Fortune brand."""
" 60k and counting... Every time I add another thousand Twitter followers, I ask you to join the others so we can chat/debate/joke throughout the day. Follow me @danprimack"
" Toshiba Corp. (Tokyo: 6502) is expected to pick a preferred bidder for its healthcare unit on Wednesday, according to Reuters. Remaining suitors include Canon Inc., Fujifilm and a joint bid from Permira and Konica Minolta. Read more"
" Tizona Therapeutics Inc., a South San Francisco-based immunotherapy startup focused on cancer and autoimmune diseases, has raised $43 million in Series B funding. Abingworth and Canaan Partners co-led the round, and were joined by Lightstone Ventures and return backers MPM Capital, Amgen Ventures, Astellas Venture Management and InterWest Partners. www.tizonatx.co"
" AlphaSense, a San Francisco-based search engine for financial professionals, has raised $33 million in growth equity financing from Tribeca Venture Partners, Triangle Peak Partners and Quantum Strategic Partners. www.alpha-sense.co"
" Capella Bioscience Ltd., a UK-based developer of monoclonal antibody medicines, has raised £11 million in Series A funding. Backers include Advent Life Sciences, Medicxi Ventures, and Osage University Partners. www.capellabioscience.co"
" United Wind, a Brooklyn-based provider of distributed wind energy solutions, has raised $8 million in Series B funding co-led by Statoil Energy Ventures and Forum Equity Partners. www.unitedwind.co"
" Tiqets, an Amsterdam-based mobile ticketing platform for tourists, has raised $4 million in Series A funding led by Capital Mills. www.tiqets.co"
" Wunder Capital, a Boulder, Colo.-based online lending platform focused on large-scale solar projects, has raised $3.6 million in Series A funding. Backers include Techstars Ventures, Fenway Summer and Fintech Collective. www.wundercapital.co"
" AreaMetrics, a Seattle-based consumer analytics platform for brick-and-mortar retailers, has raised $2 million in seed funding. Startup Capital Ventures and Quest Venture Partners co-led the round, and was joined by Seraph Group and Social Starts. www.areametrics.co"
" Disruptive Multimedia, an SMS commerce startup founded by rapper and music producer Ryan Leslie, has raised $1.5 million in seed funding from backers like Betaworks and Ben Horowitz. Read more"
" Burst, a Boston-based mobile video platform, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from the venture arm of Sinclair Broadcast Group (Nasdaq: SBGI) and Horizon Media. www.burst.co"
" Crimson Hexagon, a Boston-based provider of social data analytics for enterprise decision-making, has raised $20 million in growth equity funding led by Sageview Capital. www.crimsonhexagon.co"
" Immucor Inc., a Norcross, Ga.-based provider of transfusion and transplantation diagnostics, has acquired Sirona Genomics, a Mountain View, Calif.-based developer of gene sequencing typing applications. No financial terms were disclosed. Immucor is a portfolio company of TPG Capital. www.immucor.co"
" OpenGate Capital has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Bois & Materiaux, a French distributor of building materials, from Wolseley PLC (LSE: WOS). No financial terms were disclosed"
" PLX Pharma Inc., a Houston-based developer of an oral drug delivery system that is designed to increase safety and efficacy, has withdrawn its IPO registration due to “market conditions.” The company had planned to price 3.8 million shares at between $17 and $19 per share, with Maxim Group serving as sole underwriter. Shareholders include Integra Venture (6.6% pre-IPO stake) and Aurus Bios Fondo de Inversion Privado (6.3%). www.plxpharma.co"
" Senvion, a German wind turbine maker backed by Centerbridge Partners and Arpwood Capital, has set its Frankfurt IPO terms to 29.9 million shares being offered at between €20 and €23.50. This would give the company a market cap of between €1.3 billion and €1.53 billion. Read more"
" EnerCare (TSX: ENI) has acquired Service Experts LLC, a Richardson, Texas-based HVAC repair company, from American Capital for $340.75 million. www.serviceexperts.co"
" FinTech Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: FNTC) has agreed to acquire CardConnect LLC, a King of Prussia, Penn.-based provider of payment processing solutions. Sellers include FTV Capital. FinTech Acquisition is a blank check acquisition company that raised $100 million in an early 2015 IPO. www.cardconnect.co"
" Frazier Healthcare Partners has hired RBC Capital Markets to find a buyer for PCI Pharma Services, a Philadelphia-based provider of outsourced packaging and clinical trial supply services to the pharma industry, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at around $1 billion. Read more"
" Pamlico Capital has agreed to sell Clear Link Technologies LLC, a Salt Lake City-based provider of customer acquisition solutions to home services providers and insurance carriers, to Sykes Enterprises Inc. (Nasdaq: SYKE). No financial terms were disclosed. www.clearlink.co"
" Atom Bank, an online bank backed by firms like BBVA and Anthemis Group, has acquired Grasp, a UK-based design and development firm. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Burberry (LSE: BRBY) has retained financial advisors to fend off a possible takeover attempt, after an unidentified investor acquired a 5% stake in the British fashion retailer. Read more"
" Mic.com, a New York-based digital media company catering to millennials, has acquired Berlin-based mobile video aggregation app Hyper for an undisclosed amount. Mic has raised more than $30 million in VC funding from firms like Lightspeed Venture Partners, while Hyper was seeded by firms like Advancit Capital, Broadway Video Ventures, Lowercase Capital, Mesa Ventures and Freelands Ventures. www.mic.co"
" Spark Therapeutics (Nasdaq: ONCE) has acquired Genable Technologies, an Ireland-based gene therapy startup, for more than $15 million in cash and stock. www.genable.ne"
" UserZoom Technologies, a San Jose, Calif.-based UX research and testing SaaS platform, has acquired YouEye, a Mountain View, Calif.-based research platform that automates in-person interviews for digital products . No financial terms were disclosed. UserZoom backers include TC Growth Partners, Trident Capital and StepStone Group. YouEye backers included Signatures Capital. www.userzoom.co"
" Vale, a Brazil-listed iron ore producer, has signed an agreement whereby it gets an option to buy upwards of a 15% stake in Australian iron ore producer Fortescue (ASX: FMG). Read more"
" Veeqo, a Wales-based provider of e-commerce inventory software, has acquired ParcelBright, a London-based parcel delivery startup. No financial terms were disclosed. ParcelBright had been seeded by firms like Avonmore Developments, Howzat Partners, Talis Capital and Forward Partners. Read more"
 Vivint Solar (NYSE: VSLR) has terminated a $2.2 billion agreement to be acquired by SunEdison (NYSE: SUNE). Read more
 500 Startups has raised $10 million for a new seed fund focused on Vietnam-based startups. Read more
" Main Post Partners, a San Francisco-based lower middle-market private equity firm founded by former members of Weston Presidio, has closed its debut fund with $410 million in capital commitments (including a $10m GP commit). www.mainpostpartners.co"
 Ruulke Bagijn has agreed to join AXA Investment Managers as global head of real assets private equity. She previously served as chief investment officer for private markets at Dutch pension fund PGGM. Read more
" Carlo Calabria has agreed to join Barclays as chairman of M&A for Europe, Africa and the Middle East. He has been founding partner of CMC Capital. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from San Francisco, where tonight I'll attend a Fortune Brainstorm Tech dinner that features an interview with Steve Ballmer. Some notes before the sun comes up:"
" Dry Powder Mountain: Lightspeed Venture Partners has raised over $1.2 billion to invest in consumer and enterprise tech startups, as we first reported yesterday (SEC filings showed up early this morning)"
"This includes $715 million for the Silicon Valley-based firm’s eleventh flagship fund focused on early-stage opportunities, and $500 million for its second “Select” fund for later-stage companies. Many of its best-known portfolio companies―including Snapchat, Nutanix and The Honest Company―are based in the U.S., but Lightspeed also has active investment practices in China, India and Israel. Expect the new funds to first be tapped sometime this summer."
"In early 2014, Lightspeed raised $650 million for its tenth flagship fund and $350 million for its first “Select” pool. There doesn’t seem to be much difference in terms of investment strategy this time around, but there have been some personnel changes. Most notable are new partners Aaron Batalion (ex-Living Social), Sudip Chakrabarti (ex-Andreessen Horowitz), Ajay Sudan (ex-Palantir) and Alex Taussig (ex-Highland Capital Partners)."
" Speaking of VC fundraising: Spark Capital this week disclosed in an SEC filing that it is targeting up to $370 million for its fifth flagship fund. That's a big dip from the $450 million it raised for Fund IV in 2013, but my understanding is that the change is not related to a decrease in either fundraising prospects of deal-flow/size expectations"
"Instead, it's a byproduct of Spark raising its first growth fund (kind of like Lightspeed Select) after raising Fund IV, so the new flagship doesn't need as much capital for later-stage transactions. One big change for Spark, however, is that general partner Mo Koyfman will not be part of the new fund (per VentureWire)."
" IPO wasteland: I spent some time on the phone earlier this week with Lise Buyer, the Google IPO architect who now runs a boutique firm (Class V Group) that advises startups on going public. My basic question: What will it take for the IPO market to return"
"Buyer had two basic answers. The first was on macro conditions: ""We need a calmer market, because volatility is the enemy of IPOs, and I do think we're getting there."" The second was mostly about courage: ""We need a company with rock-solid numbers to lead the way, because there's a fleet lining up to go second... There are certainly double-digit numbers of companies working on S-1's, but bankers do a very good job of scaring people until waiting to go public until after someone else succeeds with one. And then, even if we see it, they'll say to wait until we see Q1 earnings."""
"She adds that the current IPO baseline isn't so much about revenue (""approaching $100 million is fine), as it is about being able to show a very clear path to profitability."
"It also may be worth watching today's earnings from Box and Square, as it could have an impact on how the markets view new, VC-backed tech issues..."
" Wake me when it's over: The issue of carried interest tax treatment has been raised during both Democratic and Republican Party presidential debates, as part of what seems to be an emerging bipartisan consensus that the loophole should be closed. The New Yorker chimed in last week with a 7,000-word opus on the matter, casting Carlyle founder David Rubenstein as one of the most influential opponents of change"
"This has been a pet issue of mine for nearly a decade, and you can read my basic argument by going here. I also posted a follow-up based to that post based on reader feedback. But I no longer take seriously the political promises on this issue from either side of the aisle. I'd like to be proven wrong ― as I would on broader corporate tax reform ― but politicians have proven year after year that they prefer writing this issue into stump speeches than into viable legislation. There's no demonstrated reason to believe that a new president will change that."
" Dinner table: Tonight's Fortune Brainstorm Tech event is ""sold out,"" but we do hope to have video of the Ballmer interview on the Fortune site at some time tomorrow"
" Intuit Inc. (Nasdaq: INTU) has agreed to sell its QuickBase cloud development platform to Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe. No financial terms were disclosed. QuickBase will now serve as a stand-alone company based in Cambridge, Mass., led by new CEO Allison Mnookin. www.quickbase.co"
" Aprea AB, a Sweden-based developer of anti-cancer therapies targeting the tumor suppressor protein p53, has raised €46 million in Series B funding. Versant Ventures and 5AM Ventures co-led the round, and was joined by Sectoral Asset Management, HealthCap, KDev Investments and Rosetta Capital. www.aprea.co"
" iFlix, an entertainment streaming company focused on the Southeast Asia market, has raised $45 million from British broadcaster Sky PLC (LSE: SKY). iFlix previously raised $30 million from Catcha Group (Malaysia) and PLDT (Philippines). Read more"
" Attivio, a Newton, Mass.-based “data dexterity” company, has raised $31 million in new financing. Backers include Oak Investment Partners, General Electric Pension Trust, Tenth Avenue Holdings and Per-Olof Soderberg. www.attovio.co"
" Indochino, a Vancouver-based made-to-measure menswear retailer, has raised up to US$30 million as part of a strategic agreement with China’s Dayang Group. Read more"
" Valencell, a Raleigh, N.C.-based developer of performance biometric sensor technology, has raised $11 million in Series D funding. GII Tech led the round, and was joined by return backers TDF Ventures and WSJ Joshua Fund. www.valencell.co"
" OneSpace, a St. Louis-based virtual workforce platform, has raised $9 million in Series B funding led by Lewis & Clark Ventures. www.onespace.co"
" Selerity, a New York-based contextual content recommendation solution for the enterprise, has raised $4.2 million in Series C funding led by Citi. www.seleritycorp.co"
" CBC Biotechnologies Inc., a Tampa, Fla.-based startup that uses synthetic biology to create pharmaceutical-grade cannabinoids, has raised $7 million in Series A funding led by Tuatara Capital. www.cbcbiotech.co"
" Chronicled Inc., a San Francisco-based blockchain platform for registering and verifying products, has raised $3.425 million in seed funding. Mandra Capital led the round, and was joined by Colbeck and Pantera Capital. www.chronicled.co"
" CoverWallet, a New York-based online insurance manager, has raised $2 million in seed funding from Two Sigma Ventures, Highland Capital Partners and Founder Collective. www.coverwallet.co"
" IndiaMart, an Indian online marketplace, has raised an undisclosed of new funding led by Amadeus Capital. Other participants include Westbridge Capital, the Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund and return backer Intel Capital. www.indiamart.co"
" Spotinst, an Israel-based cloud utilization optimization startup, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding led by PICO Venture Partners. www.spotinst.co"
" Apax Partners has agreed to acquire a 50.1% stake in the respiratory products business of Becton Dickinson & Co. (NYSE: BDX), via a joint venture valued at around $500 million. www.bd.co"
 First Reserve has agreed to acquire the international power business of India-based electrical equipment maker Crompton Greaves Ltd. for €115 million. Read more
" Gulf Coast Specialty Energy Services, a Metairie, La.-based portfolio company of Grey Mountain Partners, has acquired Marlin Services LLC, a Gary, La.-based provider of pipeline maintenance and other services to the energy industry. www.greymountain.co"
" Nordic Capital has agreed to acquire ERT, a Philadelphia-based provider of patient data collection solutions for use in clinical drug development, from Genstar Capital. Read more. www.ert.co"
" Partners Group has agreed to acquire Axia NetMedia (TSX: AXX), a Calgary-based fiber network operator, for C$272 million, or C$4.25 per share (49% premium to yesterday’s closing price). www.axia.co"
" Senseonics, a Germantown, Md.-based provider of glucose monitoring devices, has set its IPO terms to 18.2 million shares being offered at between $3.10 and $3.50 per share. The company's stock is currently traded on the OTCQB under ticker symbol SENH, and it plans to relist on the NYSE MKT under symbol SENS. Leerink Partners and Canaccord Genuity are serving as lead underwriters. Senseonics reports a $24 million net loss on $38 million in revenue for the first nine months of 2015, and is backed by such firms as New Enterprise Associates (33% stake), Delphi Ventures (13.4%), HealthCare Ventures (7.4%), Roche Finance (10.5%) and Energy Capital (9.9%). www.senseonics.co"
" Spring   Bank  Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Milford, Mass.-based developer of drugs based on a proprietary small molecule nucleic acid hybrid, has set its IPO terms to 2.858 million shares being offered at between $13 and $15 per share. The pre-revenue company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SBPH, with William Blair listed as left lead underwriter. www.springbankpharm.co"
" Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) has agreed to acquire Replay Technologies, a provider of multi-dimensional video imaging technologies. No financial terms were disclosed. Replay last week announced $13.5 million in Series B funding at a $75 million pre-money valuation, led by Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners. www.replay-technologies.co"
 Sinclair Broadcasting (Nasdaq: SBGI) has completed its previously-announced $350 million purchase of The Tennis Channel. Sellers include Battery Ventures and Columbia Capital. www.tennischannel.co
" Booker, a New York-based platform for service commerce, has acquired Frederick, a San Francisco-based marketing automation platform for appointment-based service businesses. No financial terms were disclosed. Booker has raised over $80 million in VC funding from firms like Bain Capital Ventures, Medina Capital, Revolution Ventures, TDF Ventures and Grotech Ventures. www.booker.co"
 Toshiba Corp. (Tokyo: 6502) named Canon Inc. (Tokyo: 7751) as the preferred bidder for its healthcare unit. Other bidders has included Permira (with Konica Minolta) and KKR (with Mitsui & Co.). Read more
" G Square, a London-based private equity firm focused on healthcare, has held a €236 million first close on its debut fund, according to eFinancial News. The overall fund target is €300 million. Read more"
" 500 Startups has named Jess Erickson as its LA program director, according to her LinkedIn profile. She continues to serve as the firm’s director of diversity. www.500startups.co"
 Elizabeth Cain has joined OpenView Venture Partners as president of its “go-to-market” strategy. She previously led global business development for NetSuite. www.openviewpartners.co
" Chris Colpitts has joined CVC Capital Partners as a senior managing director and U.S. head of technology, media and telecom investments. He previously was with Deutsche Bank as its global co-head of TMT investment banking. www.cvc.co"
" FTV Capital has promoted Kyle Griswold to partner. The firm also has promoted Robert Anderson and Aly Lovett to principal, and Richard Liu to vice president. www.ftvcapital.co"
 Neil Hasson has joined Investcorp as a managing director focused on European real estate investments. He previously was with Macquarie Group. www.investcorp.co
 Neil Kalvelage has joined Charlesbank Capital Partners as an operating partner. He previously was an operating partner with Bain Capital. www.charlesbank.co
 Linsalata Capital Partners has promoted both Murad Berg and Jeffrey Wahl to managing director. The Cleveland-based private equity firm also promoted James Guddy to principal. www.linsalatacapital.co
 Xenia Loos has joined LeapFrog Investments as director of investor relations. She previously was with AAC Capital Partners. www.leapfroginvest.co
 Avnish Mehra has joined Singapore-based Everstone Capital as a managing director. He previously founded the India investment practice of Advent International. www.everstonecapital.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from San Francisco, where I need to catch a very early flight back to Boston. That means I only had time this morning to put together the news blurbs, so apologies for the lack of column. Back to our regularly-scheduled ramblings tomorrow morning..."
" WeWork, a New York-based startup that leases out offices and other co-working spaces, has raised $430 million in Series F funding co-led by Hony Capital and Legend Holdings. Existing investors also participated in the round, which came with a pre-money valuation of around $16 billion (up from $10b last summer). The round remains open, as WeWork authorized the sale of up to $780 million in funding, according to a Delaware filing. www.wework.co"
" 4Tech Inc., an Ireland-based developer of a transcatheter treatment for tricuspid regurgitation, has raised $29 million in Series B funding. Valiance and RMM co-led the round, and were joined by NeoMed Management. www.4techtricuspid.co"
" Resolver Inc., a Toronto-based provider of risk and incident management software, has raised C$4 million in new funding from existing backer Klass Capital. www.resolver.co"
" Constant Therapy, a Boston-based provider of customized brain rehabilitation apps, has raised $2 million in Series A funding. Golden Seeds led the round, and was joined by Kapor Capital, Launchpad Venture Group, Pond Capital and Community Health Network of Connecticut. www.constanttherapy.co"
" Instacart, a San Francisco-based on-demand grocery delivery service, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Whole Foods (Nasdaq: WFM), as part of a broader strategic partnership. The company previously raised around $275 million from firms like Sequoia Capital and Andreessen Horowitz. www.instacart.co"
" Accella Performance Materials, a Maryland Heights, Mo.-based maker of manufacturer of polyurethanes and recycled rubber, has acquired Quadrant Spray Foam, a McKinney, Texas-based maker of spray foams for insulation. No financial terms were disclosed. Accella is a portfolio company of Arsenal Capital Partners. www.accellacorp.co"
" Arch Global Precision LLC, a Livonia, Mich.-based portfolio company backed by Strength Capital Partners, has acquired Advanced Precision Inc., a Sparta, N.J.-based maker of precision machined components and industrial cutting tools and instrumentts. No financial terms were disclosed www.advancedprecision.co"
" Big 3 Precision Products Inc., a Centralia, Ill.-based portfolio company of TVV Capital, has acquired Sur-Foam Corp., a Chesterfield, Mich.-based provider of material handling solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.big3precision.co"
" Pacific Market International LLC, a Seattle-based maker and marketer of food and beverage container solutions, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Endeavour Capital. Proceeds were used to acquire Formation Brands LLC, a South San Francisco-based maker of houseware products and accessories. www.endeavourcapital.co"
" Weld North Holdings LLC, an education industry investment firm backed by KKR, has acquired Performance Matters, a Winter Park, Fla.-based provider of student assessment systems and analytics. No financial terms were disclosed. Performance Matters will be merged with existing Weld North portfolio company Truenorthlogic. www.performancematters.co"
 No IPO news this morning
" CVC Capital Partners has hired Rothschild to find a buyer for Dutch HR software and services provider Raet, according to Reuters. The deal could be worth upwards of $620 million. Read more"
" Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA) has secured a five-year, $3 billion loan with eight lead arrangers. Read more"
" Burberry (LSE: BRBY) shares are sinking on new reports that an unidentified investor did not acquire a 5% stake in the British fashion retailer, despite an earlier FT story that such a thing had happened. Read more"
 Facebook (Nasdaq: FB) has acquired video image filtering app Masquerade for an undisclosed amount. Read more
" Inrix, a Kirkland, Wash.-based provider of real-time traffic information technology, has acquired OpenCar, a Seattle-based maker of an in-car app platform. No financial terms were disclosed. Inrix has raised around $78 million in VC funding from August Capital, Bain Capital Ventures, Kleiner Perkins and Venrock. Read more"
" Justin Cameron has stepped down from his executive and board roles with Surfstitch Group Ltd. (ASX: SRF), an Australian online clothing retailer he founded in 2008, in order to pursue a take-private buyout of the company. Read more"
" Nasdaq has agreed to acquire the International Securities Exchange, a New York-based operator of stock options markets, from Germany’s Deutsche Börse for $1.1 billion. Read more"
" PledgeMusic, a London-based direct-to-fan e-commerce platform, has agreed to acquire both NoiseTrade (free music data exchange) and Set.fm (live performance recording capture and sales platform). No financial terms were disclosed. www.pledgemusic.co"
" Tableau Software (NYSE: DATA) has acquired HyPer, a German developer of advanced database technology. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Oak Hill Advisors is targeting $2 billion for a new distressed debt fund, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
 Mizuho Securities USA has named Jerry Rizzieri as president and CEO. He previously served as executive managing director and head of fixed income. Previous president and CEO John Koudounis is leaving “to pursue an opportunity which has not yet been publicly announced with an asset management company.” www.mizuhosecurities.co
" Sonos, a Santa Barbara, Calif.-based maker of wireless multi-room music systems, said in a blog post that it would lay off an undisclosed number of employees, and that it would continue to “lean into” new efforts around paid streaming services and voice control. Sonos has raised over $90 million in equity funding from firms like Index Ventures and KKR"
 Patrick Sturgeon has joined Brookline Capital Partners as a managing director. He previously was a managing director with Axiom Capital Management. www.brooklinecap.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from the home office, where it's good to be back after a whirlwind trip to San Francisco. Some notes to kick off your Friday:"
" You get a car, and you get a car... General Motors this morning announced that it will acquire Cruise Automation, a San Francisco-based developer of autonomous vehicle technology. No financial terms were disclosed, but we've learned that the price-tag was ""north of $1 billion,"" in a combination of cash and stock"
"This deal obviously isn't to the level of Facebook/WhatsApp, but it's similar in the sense that few people saw Cruise getting taken out at such a high price. The company had remained pretty stealthy, prompting some initial reports to suggest it was effectively an acqui-hire."
"My understanding is that the original talks between GM and Cruise were about a strategic investment, as Cruise was setting out to raise a new round of funding. But that quickly morphed into an acquisition discussion, with the entire agreement getting hashed out in less than six weeks."
"Cruise Automation had raised over $18 million in venture capital funding, most recently at a post-money valuation of around $90 million. Investors include Spark Capital, Maven Ventures, Founder Collective and Y Combinator. For more, please go here."
" Speaking of Spark: As we reported earlier this week, the Boston-based VC firm is currently raising its fifth flagship fund. Pretty good timing... It's like the anti-Leonard Green"
" Personnel scoop: Thomas “TJ” Carella is joining private equity firm Warburg Pincus after leading healthcare private equity investments for Goldman Sachs, Fortune has learned"
"At Warburg Pincus, Carella is expected to work with fellow Goldman Sachs veteran In Seon Hwang, who oversees the firm’s healthcare and consumer groups."
"Carella originally joined the merchant banking group of Goldman Sachs in 1997 as an analyst, before leaving to co-found an Italian software services business and to get his MBA from Harvard Business School. He rejoined Goldman Sachs in 2004, was named a managing director in 2009, and a partner in 2014."
"Most recently Carella has served as global head of healthcare for Goldman’s merchant banking group, and has served on the boards of such Goldman portfolio companies as T2Biosystems, Drayer Physical Therapy Institute, iHealth Technologies, and KAR Auction Services."
No comment from Warburg Pincus spokesman.
" Update: On Wednesday morning, I wrote that upcoming earnings from Box and Square might have a major impact on upcoming tech IPOs (or lack thereof). Now we've got the numbers, so I dove in a bit"
 Have a great weekend..
" Soothe, a Los Angeles-based on-demand massage company, has raised $35 million in new equity funding from existing backer The Riverside Company. www.soothe.co"
" Flipkart, an Indian e-commerce company, is seeking to raise up to $1 billion in new equity funding in a down-round, according to TechCrunch. The company was valued at over $15 billion in an equity round last year. Read more"
" Justworks, a New York-based HR and payments platform, has raised $33 million in Series C funding. Redpoint Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Bain Capital Ventures, Thrive Capital and Index Ventures. www.justworks.co"
" Whistle Sports, a New York-based digital sports media content company focused on millennials, has raised $20 million in Series C funding. Backers include TENGA Inc., NBC Sports Ventures, Sky Media and Emil Capital. www.whistlesports.co"
" Icertis, a Bellevue, Wash.-based provider of contract lifecycle management in the cloud, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Ignition Partners led the round, and was joined by Greycroft Partners and Fidelity Growth Partners India. www.icertis.co"
" Bustle, a New York-based digital media property targeting millennial women, has raised $11.5 million in new VC funding. Saban Capital Group led the round, and was joined by GGV Capital and return backers Time Warner Investments, General Catalyst Partners and Social Capital. Read more"
" Avametric, a San Francisco-based provider of virtual fitting room software for the fashion market, has raised $10.5 million in new VC funding led by Khosla Ventures. www.avametric.co"
" Penrose Studios, a San Francisco-based “VR storytelling” startup, has raised $8.5 million in seed funding. Accelerate-IT Ventures led the round, and was joined by TransLink Capital, Suffolk Equity and 8 Angel. www.penrosestudios.co"
" Propel, a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of product lifecycle management software, has raised $4.2 million in Series A funding. Cloud Apps Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by Salesforce Ventures and SignalFire. www.propelplm.co"
" Altus Capital Partners has acquired Nichols Portland, a Portland, Maine-based maker of precision powder metal fixed and variable displacement  gears, from Parker Hannifin Corp. (NYSE: PH). No financial terms were disclosed. www.gerotor.ne"
" The Carlyle Group has agreed to acquire a majority equity stake in JenCap Holdings LLC and the assets of Wholesale Trading Co-Op Insurance Services, a San Francisco-based insurance wholesaler. No financial terms were disclosed. www.carlyle.co"
" The Carlyle Group has invested in GGC Group, the parent company of Japanese bean sprout maker Kyushu GGC Ltd. No financial terms were disclosed. www.carlyle.co"
" Cornerstone Partners and Oaktree Capital Management have agreed to acquire ProService Agent Transferowy, a Poland-based business process outsourcing company and transfer agent, from Highlander Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.psat.com.p"
" Investindustrial has entered into exclusive takeover talks for Chicco, an Italian baby products brand owned by Artsana Group, according to Bloomberg. Bain Capital and PAI Partners also had expressed interest in the company, which could fetch around $1.1 billion. Read more"
"SK Capital Partners has agreed to acquire Tasmanian Alkaloids Pty Ltd., an Australian opium-poppy processing company, from Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), according to Bloomberg. Read more."
" Wellnext LLC, a nutritional supplements maker backed by WM Capital, has agreed to acquire Natural Dynamics LLC, whose brands include Natural Calm and Organic Life Vitamins. No financial terms were disclosed. www.wellnexthealth.co"
" Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Burlingame, Calif.-based developer of immuno-oncology therapies, has set its IPO terms to 4.7 million shares being offered at between $15 and $17 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $327 million were it to price in the middle of its range. The pre-revenue company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol CRVS, with Credit Suisse and Cowen & Co. serving as lead underwriters. Shareholders include OrbiMed Advisors (29.98% pre-IPO stake), Novo AS (15.84%), Adams Street Partners (15.84%) and Fidelity (8.18%). www.corvuspharma.co"
" Valeritas Inc., a Bridgewater, N.J.-based maker of insulin delivery devices for Type 2 diabetics, has formally withdrawn IPO registration papers. The company had planned to offer 5 million shares at between $14 and $16 per share (market cap of $237 million if it priced in the middle). Piper Jaffray and Leerink Partners were serving as lead underwriters. Valeritas reported nearly a $65.5 million net loss for 2014 on $13.5 million in revenue. Shareholders include Welsh Carson Anderson & Stowe, Onset Ventures and Pitango Venture Capital. www.valeritas.co"
" GIMV and Capricorn Venture Partners have agreed to sell their remaining minority stakes in Punch Powertrain, a €1 billion Belgian maker of vehicle powertrain solutions, to China’s Yinyi Group, according to AltAssets. Read more"
" Teva Pharmaceuticals (NYSE: TEVA) has gotten EU approval for its proposed $40.5 billion purchase of the generics unit of Allergan (NYSE: AGN), after Teva agreed to sell some of its European operations. Read more"
" Toyota has acqui-hired the team of Jaybridge Robotics, a Cambridge, Mass.-based artificial intelligence software startup. Read more"
" TransCanada (TSX: TRP) is in talks to acquire Columbia Pipeline Group (NYSE: CPGX), an $8.5 billion pipeline operator, according to the NY Times. Read more"
" Long Ridge Equity Partners, a New York-based growth equity firm focused on the financial services sector, has closed its second fund with $227 million in capital commitments. www.longridgecap.co"
" Mucker Capital, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based seed-stage investment firm, has closed its third fund with $45 million in capital commitments. www.muckercapital.co"
" Navitas Capital, an Alameda, Calif.-based VC firm focused on the energy and IT sectors, is raising up to $50 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.navitascap.co"
" Partners Group of Switzerland plans to reorganize its Americas staff around a new Denver headquarters, which would require relocation of its San Francisco employees and some of its New York and Houston employees, according to Private Equity International. www.partnersgroup.co"
" Anita Marangoly George has joined Canadian pension system Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec as managing director for South Asia, working out of a new office in Delhi. She previously was with The World Bank. www.cdpq.com/"
 Sanjeev Mehra is stepping down as vice chairman of global private equity with Goldman Sachs. Read more
" Giuseppe Mirante has joined Bayside Capital, the distressed debt and special situations affiliate of H.I.G. Capital, as a London-based managing director. He previously was head of distressed and loan research at BNP Paribas. www.higcapital.co"
" Jon Rubenstein, a longtime Apple executive, has been named co-CEO of hedge fund manager Bridgewater Associates. www.bwater.co"
" Hannah Tobin is leaving HarbourVest Partners after 19 years on the EMEA investor relations team, according to LBO Wire. She will remain as a consultant with the firm through year-end. www.harbourvest.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from New York City, where I'm in town for a variety of meetings. A lot to address (yeah, this is going to be a long one):"
" Stomach churning: Last Tuesday, Sequoia Capital kicked off its annual 2-day meeting of limited partners. Among those in attendance was Mike Goguen, a longtime Sequoia partner known for his focus on enterprise technology deals. No one was terribly surprised, even if Goguen hadn't been listed as a general partner on the firm's most recent U.S. fund. What neither the LPs nor Goguen's Sequoia partners realized, however, was that a lawsuit was being simultaneously filed in San Mateo Superior Court, alleging that Goguen had systematically raped and otherwise abused a woman named Amber Baptiste for over 13 years"
"The complaint itself, which you can read here, is officially for breach of contract. Specifically, Goguen and Baptise agreed in 2014 to a settlement whereby Baptiste would keep quiet in exchange for $40 million, to be paid out in four installments. Baptiste alleges that Goguen made the initial $10 million payment, but then balked at future payments (thus precipitating the lawsuit). For his part, Goguen claims that he has been extorted by Baptiste, and is expected to file a counter-suit sometime this morning."
"A Sequoia spokesman declined to comment much about the case, except to say that the firm was unaware of the settlement agreement until Thursday. Goguen was out at the firm by that evening ― the spokesman declined to say that he was terminated, but clearly there was an irreparable breach of trust. We do not yet know if Goguen remains a limited partner in Sequoia funds, or a partial owner of its management company (he held between 5%-10% at last check). His board responsibilities will be reassigned."
Some initial thoughts on all of this:
"1. The complaint itself is horrifying. Its allegations touch on sex trafficking, rape and the callous spreading of STDs. If even half of it is true, then Goguen is lucky to not be in prison."
"2. What's important to remember at this point, however, is that we don't yet know what is and what isn't true. The settlement agreement ― attached to the filing ― certainly lends credence to Baptiste's allegations. But I would expect that Goguen will dispute more than a few claims in his counter-suit."
"3. Goguen is referred to in the lawsuit (and in subsequent media reports) as a ""managing partner"" at Sequoia. But I'm not so sure that's correct, particularly given that thing about not being a GP on Sequoia's last U.S. fund (most likely related to investment performance). When Mike Moritz gave up day-to-day control several years ago, fellow Sequoia partner Doug Leone took over those responsibilities. But I've never heard Goguen referred to as Leone's number two, or even the firm's number three or number four (in terms of job responsibilities, let alone investment performance)."
"4. The reason the job title may matter is that there already is a lot of chatter about how this lawsuit can be tied, even in some small way, to Sequoia's historical lack of any female general partners. If a guy like this is making decisions, then no wonder (or, in a similar vein ― if Sequoia kept a guy like this around). From my (admittedly male) perspective, this is a bridge too far (in the absence of more information). Yes, Sequoia is a boys club. But there is a big line of demarcation between male chauvinism and rape. Moreover, I do think it is possible that Goguen kept his private life private. You might recall a recent situation in which a senior private equity executive managed to keep his severe drug addiction secret from his partners for years. Again, I'm not saying no one else at Sequoia knew (and if they did, there will be deserved hell to pay). I'm saying that it is too early to draw conclusions."
" Intel intelligence: On Friday, Bloomberg reported that Intel Capital has hired UBS to explore the sale of around $1 billion in direct investments via the secondary markets. A few notes on this"
"1. Intel Capital currently has around 430 active portfolio companies, and my understanding is that around a quarter of them could be sold. The primary motivation is strategic rather than financial, and reflective of Intel Corp.'s own changing focus. For example, expect to see most consumer tech holdings on the block, while anything related to drones, wearables and IoT remains untouched. This means that there could be some objective ""winners"" included in the deal, which could help get the block sold in one piece (which is Intel Capital's preference)."
"2. This is not the first time that Intel Capital has launched a massive secondary sale. It also did so in 2002 or 2003, just as the dotcom bust had broken wide open. In that case, it was mostly about culling winners from losers."
"3. Intel Capital isn't commenting on this, save for pointing reporters to a February blog post by new boss Wendell Brooks (longtime Intel Capital leader Arvind Sodhani left last summer). In the post, Brooks says that Intel Capital plans to continue investing between $300 million and $500 million per year, with more of a focus on sourcing deals (it currently leads around half of its deals, but wants that figure to hit 2/3). Seems like the blog post might have been laying the PR groundwork for the secondary news leaking out..."
" Numbers game: Venture capital firm Data Collective on Friday filed SEC docs for its fourth early-stage fund and its second ""opportunities"" fund. Each is sized the same as its predecessor ($155 million and $125 million, respectively), and word is that they both are fully subscribed"
" Moving on: Dave Johnson has quietly stepped down as a senior managing director with The Blackstone Group, as we first reported on Friday"
"You might recall that Johnson was the former Dell Inc. deal-maker who joined Blackstone in early 2013, and soon tried leading a buyout of his former company on Blackstone's behalf. But it didn't work, and Johnson never really got much over the finish line (which isn't uncommon for Blackstone tech leads). He'll remain a senior advisor to the firm. In other Blackstone news, longtime operating partner Sandy Ogg (former chief HR officer for Unilever) has left."
" March Madness Extravaganza: We will indeed by holding our annual March Madness contest, with full information tomorrow morning. Per usual, the winner will have the chance to write part of Term Sheet"
 The Blackstone Group has agreed to sell luxury hotel operator Strategic Hotels & Resorts Inc. to China’s Anbang Insurance Group Co. for around $6.5 billion. This is around $450 million more than Blackstone purchased Strategic for just four months ago
"Also this morning, Starwood Hotels & Resorts (NYSE:HOT) said that it has received a $76 per share takeover offer by an investor consortium that includes Anbang Insurance Group. Other members include J.C. Flowers and Primavera Capital. Starwood had agreed last November to be acquired by Marriott International (Nasdaq: MAR). Read more."
" Cainiao, a Chinese logistics startup backed by Alibaba Group, reportedly has raised upwards of $1.54 billion at around a $7.7 billion valuation. Backers include GIC, Temasek Holdings, Khazanah Nasional and Primavera Capital. Read more"
" Future Finance, a European student lender, has raised £119 million in new capital from backers like QED Investors and Blackstone Strategic Opportunity Fund. Read more"
" Cambridge Epigenetix, a UK-based developer of epigenetic tools, has raised $21 million in Series B funding. Google Ventures led the round, and was joined by Wellcome Trust, Sequoia Capital, New Science Ventures and Cambridge Enterprise. Read more"
" EZBob Ltd., a UK-based online business lender, has raised £20 million in new equity funding from Leumi Partners and Oaktree Capital Management. www.ezbob.co"
" Marley Spoon, a Germany-based cook-at-home meal delivery service, has raised $17 million in Series B funding. QD Ventures and Kreos Capital were joined by return backers like Lakestar. Read more"
" Inmoji, a Boston-based mobile marketing startup that leverages branded interactive emojis, has raised $5 million in Series A funding led by John Wigneswaran. Others backers include Accomplice, PayPal Start and David Chang. www.inmoji.co"
" BlueLine Grid, a New York-based security collaboration platform, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Bold Capital Partners. www.bluelinegrid.co"
" AllOver Media, a Minneapolis-based portfolio company of Audax Private Equity, has acquired Astra Pacific Outdoor, a Los Angeles-based outdoor advertising company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.astrapacific.co"
" Apollo Global Management has agreed to acquire Fresh Market Inc. (Nasdaq: TFM), a New York-based specialty grocery retailer, for $1.36 billion, or $28.50 per share. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group has agreed to acquire WingArc1st, a Japan-based provider of enterprise output management and business intelligence software, from ORIX Corp. and company CEO Hiroyuki Uchino. No financial terms were disclosed. www.carlyle.co"
" CVC Capital Partners has agreed to acquire Italian generic drugmaker Doc Generici from Charterhouse. No financial terms were disclosed, but an earlier Reuters report put the asking price at between €650 million and €700 million. Read more"
" Serent Capital has acquired a 30% equity stake in Next Gear Solutions, an Oxford, Miss.-based provider of management software for the restoration market. No financial terms were disclosed. www.nextgearsolutions.co"
 No IPO news this morning
" Blue Wolf Capital has agreed to sell H.C. Materials, a Bolingbrook, Ill.-based maker of single crystal piezoelectric materials, to CTS Corp. (NYSE: CTS) for $73 million in cash. www.hcmat.co"
" App Annie, a San Francisco-based provider of data on mobile apps, has acquired app marketing data startup AppScotch for an undisclosed amount. App Annie recently raised $63 million in new venture capital and debt financing led by Greenspring Associates. Read more"
" Energy Transfer Equity LP (NYSE: ETE) has held talks to sell gas station and convenience store operator Sunoco, according to Reuters. The discussions come as ETE’s planned purchase of The Williams Co. (NYSE: WMB) has been made more difficult due to falling oil prices. Read more"
" InVision, a New York-based design collaboration platform, has acquired Silver Flows, a stealthy startup that lets developers prototype within Sketch. No financial terms were disclosed. InVision last year raised $45 million in Series C funding led by Accel Partners. Read more"
" Magellan Health (Nasdaq: MGLN) has acquired The Management Group Inc., a Madison Wis.-based provider of Medicaid home and community-based waiver quality assurance and improvement services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.tmgwisconsin.co"
 SS&C Technologies Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: SSNC) has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Citigroup’s alternative investor services business for approximately $321 million. www.sstech.co
 Aberdeen Asset Management plans to raise between $350 million and $500 million for a global fund-of-funds focused on lower and middle-market private equity funds. Read more
" Aqua Capital, a Brazilian private equity firm, has held a $188 million first close on is second fund, according to the NY Times. Limited partners include UTIMCO and Germany’s DEG. Read more"
" Lee Equity Partners has closed on over $315 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. Park Hill Group is serving as placement agent. www.leeequity.co"
" Wise SGR, an Italian private equity firm focused on the lower middle-markets, has closed its fourth fund with €215 million in capital commitments. www.wisesgr.i"
" David Arcauz has stepped down as a London-based partner with Adams Street Partners, which he joined six years ago to focus on European large-cap funds, according to eFinancial News. Read more"
" Steven Webber has left Terra Firma Capital Partners, where he had served as a managing director for 20 years (including with the firm’s predecessor, PFG), according to eFinancial News. No word yet on his future plans. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Greetings from the home office. Two entirely different things to kick off your Tuesday:
" March Madness Extravaganza: It’s time to compete again against your fellow Term Sheet readers, in our annual  March   Madness extravaganza . Not only for bragging right, but for an actual prize: The opportunity to write this column for one morning, which could be anything from an essay to a plea for work to a giant advertisement for your firm"
"We're again using ESPN, because (I’m told) it allows an unlimited number of users per group (something that’s been an issue with Yahoo in the past). Here’s how you play:"
"1. Follow this link, or copy/paste the following into your browser: http://games.espn.go.com/tournament-challenge-bracket/2016/en/group?groupID=1324342"
"2. If you already have an ESPN account, just log in. If not, please create one (only takes a moment, and you can also connect via your Facebook account)."
"3. Hit ""Join Group,"" enter our password (carriedinterest) and then create a bracket and then fill it out. While I love clever “team names,” I ask that you use your real name so that I can better figure out who is leading throughout the tourney: First name, last name (place of work). Thanks."
"4. If for some reason you have troubles with the above link, just go to the main ESPN homepage and hit on its Tourney Challenge. Our group name is “Term Sheet 2016” and the password is “carriedinterest” (without the quote marks)."
5. Good luck!
" Sand Hill shambles: Former Sequoia Capital partner Mike Goguen yesterday filed a counterclaim against Amber Baptiste, who last week had sued Goguen for breach of contract (although the actual complaint was more notable for its multiple claims of sexual assault and other alleged misdeeds). You can read his suit by going here"
"In short, Goguen is calling Baptiste an infatuated ex-mistress who became vindictive upon realizing that Goguen would not leave his wife. As for the $40 million settlement, Goguen argues that it was the result of extortion, and that he stopped payments after Baptiste violated a condition that she not contact Goguen save for correspondence directly related to the settlement (he claims ""thousands"" of subsequent text messages). His counter-complaint also includes a few risque photos that he claims Baptiste sent over the course of their ""relationship"" ― something that smells a lot like vindictiveness."
"As I wrote yesterday, it is too early to arrive at conclusions. To be sure, Sequoia had every justifiable reason to part ways with Goguen if, as it claims, the firm had no knowledge of his settlement with Baptiste. In small partnerships, that could reasonably be viewed as a breach of trust. And clearly Goguen has broader troubles with fidelity. Nonetheless, as my colleague Kristen Bellstrom writes, this can't help but reflect negatively on Sequoia. And don't be surprised if certain aspects of the firm's finances wind up as part of the court record (assuming an actual trial)."
"Upon re-reading both suits, it is clear that there is a massive chasm between many of Baptiste's claims and many of Goguen's claims. This isn't Ellen Pao vs. Kleiner Perkins, where the ultimate verdict was more about interpretation of facts than the facts themselves. In this case, one of them is outright lying about some of the most disturbing details. And we don't yet know which one."
" Skyport Systems, a Mountain View, Calif.-based enterprise security architecture company, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. Google Ventures led the round, and was joined by Cisco Investments, Thomvest Ventures, Northgate Capital, InstantScale and return backers Index Ventures, Sutter Hill Ventures and Intel Capital. Read more"
" Spirox Inc., a Menlo Park, Calif.-based developer of minimally-invasive devices for patients with nasal obstruction, has raised $45 million in Series C funding. KKR led the round, and was joined by HealthQuest Capital and return backers Aisling Capital, Aperture Venture Partners and Venrock. www.spiroxmed.co"
" Outpost Medicine, a biopharma startup focused on the development of new treatments of urologic and gynecologic diseases and disorders, has raised $41 million in first-round funding. Frazier Healthcare Partners led the round, and was joined by Adams Street Partners, Novo A/S, and Vivo Capital. Outpost was recently formed by Frazier Healthcare Partners and Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. (Tokyo: 4502), with Takeda granting Outpost an exclusive license for the global development and commercialization rights to OP-233 (formerly TAK-233), a clinical-stage product candidate being studied for the treatment of stress urinary incontinence. www.frazierhealthcare.co"
" Couchbase Inc., a Mountain View, Calif.-based provider of NoSQL database technology, has raised $30 million in Series F funding. Sorenson Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Accel, Sorenson Capital with current investors participating in the round, including Accel Partners, Adams Street Partners, Ignition Partners, Mayfield Fund, North Bridge Venture Partners and West Summit. www.couchbase.co"
" LendInvest, a UK-based online marketplace for property finance, has raised £17 million in Series B funding from Atomico. www.lendinvest.co"
" Next Insurance, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based online platform for helping small businesses find and obtain insurance, has raised $13 million in seed funding from Zeev Ventures, TLV Partners and Ribbit Capital. www.next-insurance.co"
" Arterys Inc., a San Francisco-based startup focused on “deep learning in medical imaging,” has raised over $12 million in Series A funding. Emergent Medical Partners led the round, and was joined by GE Ventures, the Stanford-StartX Fund, Norwich Ventures, Asset Management Ventures, AME Cloud Ventures and Morado Ventures. www.artesys.co"
" Librestream, a Winnipeg-based mobile video collaboration platform for end markets like energy and field services, has raised C$11 million in new VC funding. Emerald Technology Ventures led the round, and was joined by BDC Capital. www.librestream.co"
" Sight Sciences Inc., a Menlo Park, Calif.-based ophthalmic medical device startup, has raised $7 million in Series B funding. Hicks Equity Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Scientific Health Development and Allegro Investment Fund. www.sightsciences.co"
" Kurio, an Indonesia-based news-reading app, has raised $5 million from Gunosy (Tokyo: 6047). Read more"
" Forge Inc., a San Francisco-based startup focused on capturing and sharing services for gameplay, has raised $4.5 million in seed funding. True Ventures and Resolute Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by WME Ventures. www.forge.g"
" ChartIQ, a Charlottesville, Va.-based provider of HTML5 financial charting for capital markets, has raised $4 million in Series A funding. Illuminate Financial led the round, and was joined by ValueStream and Tribeca Angels. www.chartiq.co"
" Crate Technology, a Berlin-based distributed SQL database for containerized architectures, has raised $4 million in new VC funding. Dawn Capital led the round, and was joined by Sunstone Capital, DFJ Esprit, Speedinvest and Solomon Hykes. www.crate.i"
" NimbeLink, a Minneapolis-based solution integrator and system provider for the IoT market, has raised $2.5 million in new VC funding from First Analysis. www.nimbelink.co"
" PowerCore Inc., a Palo Alto, Calif.-based provider of digital activation and merchandise solutions for games, has raised $2 million in seed funding. Backers include 500 Startups, East Ventures, Golden Gate Ventures, and Cherubic Ventures. www.powercore.i"
" Noodle.ai, a new AI and data analysis startup for corporate customers, has been launched by Stephen Pratt (ex-IBM Watson) and TPG Growth. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Aurora Flight Sciences, a Manassas, Va.-based developer of drones and autonomous flight technologies for military and commercial customers, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Enlightenment Capital. www.aurora.aer"
" Connecture Inc. (Nasdaq: CNXR), a Brookfield, Wis.-based provider of web-based information systems used to create health insurance marketplaces, has raised $52 million in PIPE funding led by Francisco Partners. www.connecture.co"
" Dimont, a Dallas-based provider of specialty insurance and loan administration solutions to the residential and commercial financial services industries, has secured an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Renovo Capital. www.dimont.co"
" Landesk, a South Jordan, Utah-based systems lifecycle management company owned by Thoma Bravo, has acquired AppSense, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based provider of user environment management solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. AppSense had raised $70 million in 2010 from Goldman Sachs. www.appsense.co"
" Pivot3, an Austin, Texas-based developer of storage-centric hyper-converged infrastructure solutions, has raised $55 million in private equity and debt financing from Argonaut Private Equity and S3 Ventures. www.pivot3.co"
" Providence Equity Partners has agreed to aquire a 63% equity stake in Starman Group, a pan-Baltic cable TV and broadband provider, from East Capital Explorer AB. The deal is valued at €86 million, including up to a €5 million earn-out. www.provequity.co"
 No IPO news this morning
" Trainline, a British online train ticket retailer owned by KKR, has acquired Paris-based rival Captain Train. No financial terms were disclosed, but TechCrunch reports that the deal is worth over €100 million in cash and stock. Sellers include Alven Capital, CM-CIC Capital and Index Ventures. Read more"
" Campari-Milano (BIT: CPR), an Italian distillery, has agreed to acquire France’s Grand Marnier Group for approximately $760 million. Read more"
" Société Générale has agreed to acquire the UK and Channel Islands wealth management units of Kleinwort Benson, and merge it with private bank Hambros. Read more"
 Sony Corp. has agreed to acquire the remaining 50% it doesn’t already own of music publishing business Sony/ATV from the estate of Michael Jackson for $750 million. Read more
 HealthQuest Capital has closed its second VC fund with $225 million in capital commitments. www.hqcap.co
 Christian Hamilton has joined UK-based Tenzing Private Equity as a managing partner. He previously spent over 12 years with Inflexion Private Equity. www.tenzing.p
" Lisa Kaufman has joined The Peakstone Group, a middle-market M&A advisory, as a managing director. She previously was a managing director with Levy Capital Partners and, before that, served as interim CEO of Tivoli Audio. www.peakstonegroup.co"
" Claudia Fan Munce has been named to the board of Best Buy Co. (NYSE: BBY). She currently serves as a venture advisor to NEA, and before that led corporate venture capital for IBM. She will succeed the retiring Brad Anderson. www.bestybuy.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some assorted notes to kick off your Wednesday:
" Bad bet: A court-ordered bankruptcy examiner slammed Apollo Global Management and TPG Capital in a report released yesterday, for their actions related to Ceasars Entertainment (background on the deal here)"
"In short, Richard Davis accused the company and its private equity backers with moving their best properties beyond the reach of Caesars creditors, ultimately leaving the company with a massive debt load that could not be repaid. Moreover, it suggests that the firms did so, in part, to protect themselves in what they had reason to believe was a likely bankruptcy."
"“Aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty claims, again of varying strength, exist against the Sponsors and certain of CEC’s directors,” Davis wrote in his report, which could pave the way for upwards of $5.1 billion in damages."
" Love letter: On Monday we discussed how Intel Capital  is exploring the sale of its positions in around one-quarter of its 430 portfolio companies. Now we've obtained a memo sent to all Intel Capital portfolio companies by group head Wendell Brooks, in an apparently attempt to soothe nerves. You can read it by going here"
" Today in Theranos: Chelsea Clinton will be at the beleaguered biotech company's Palo Alto headquarters next week, as part of a fundraiser for her mother's presidential campaign. As to why anyone in the Clinton campaign thought this was a good idea, you'd have to ask them (I mean that literally, as I asked and got no real response). Also no word yet on if there will be a future fundraiser in the Zenefits stairwell.."
" Stamp stuff: The notary who stamped the 2014 settlement agreement between Michael Goguen and Amber Baptiste also is listed on various Sequoia Capital documents over the years, per multiple sources. There is not, however, any evidence that this connection means that other Sequoia partners had knowledge of the settlement, particularly given that the individual would have been required to keep its contents confidential. That said, it's pretty strange that Goguen would have chosen a notary with even minor ties to Sequoia, rather than find one of the thousands who have none.."
" Speaking of lawsuits: CVC Capital Partners still has not yet responded to a complaint against it from former investor relations exec Lisa Lee, which alleges, among other things, inappropriate ""fondling"" by a senior executive, violations of the Family Leave Act and retaliation for reporting such behaviors. Last week, both sides agreed to dismiss (without prejudice) one of the defendants ― a CVC-related vehicle ― but the overall case remains active. CVC has until next Tuesday to issue its formal response (per an approved waiver that extended its time from 30 to 60 days)"
 Personnel scoop: Nick Tomaino is joining Russia-based VC firm Runa Capital as a principal in San Francisco (mostly focused on early-stage deals). He previously led business development for Coinbase
" Game time: More than 650 readers yesterday signed up to participate in our annual March Madness contest, with the winner getting to write an upcoming Term Sheet column. A quick reminder on how to play (you will need an ESPN account, which is easy to create)"
"1. Follow this link, or copy/paste the following into your browser: http://games.espn.go.com/tournament-challenge-bracket/2016/en/group?groupID=1324342"
"2. Hit ""Join Group,"" enter our password (carriedinterest), create a bracket and then fill it out."
"3. If for some reason you have troubles with the above link, just go to the main ESPN homepage and hit on its Tourney Challenge. Our group name is “Term Sheet 2016” and the password is “carriedinterest” (without the quote marks)."
 The London Stock Exchange has agreed to a $30 billion merger with Germany's   Deutsche   Borse. Read more
" Ring, the maker of a connected video doorbell, has raised $61.2 million in Series C funding. Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers led the round, and was joined by Richard Branson. Read more"
" Usermind, a Seattle-based “orchestration hub” for business operations teams, has raised $14.5 million in Series B funding. Menlo Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Andreessen Horowitz and CRV. www.usermind.co"
" Prenetics, a Hong Kong-based developer of genetic testing solutions that aid in medicine prescriptions, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Ping An Ventures led the round, and was joined by Venturra Capital, Capital Union Investments and return backers 500 Startups and Coent Venture. Read more"
" Striim, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based real-time data integration and intelligence platform, has raised $10 million in new Series B funding from Atlantic Bridge Capital. This brings the round total to $30 million. www.striim.co"
" InstaRem, a Singapore-based remittance payments startup, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. Vertex Ventures led the round, and was joined by Fullerton Financial Holdings and seed backer Global Founders Capital. Read more"
" CrowdStreet, a Portland, Ore.-based real estate investor acquisition and management platform, has raised $3.5 million in Series A funding. Rally Ventures led the round, and was joined by seed backers Green Visor Capital, Seven Peaks Ventures and Portland Seed Fund. www.crowdstreet.co"
" Credly, a New York-based, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding. University Ventures and New Markets Venture Partners co-led the round, and were joined by the Lumina Foundation Venture Fund, City & Guilds Group and Lion Brothers Company. www.credly.co"
" Shoppimon Ltd., an Israel-based app performance management startup focused on the e-commerce sector, has raised $2.3 million in seed funding. Backers include AOL, StageOne Ventures, Explore and 2B-Angels. www.shoppimon.co"
" PosiGen, a provider of solar photovoltaic and energy efficiency services to low-to-moderate income homeowners, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from NewWork Capital Group and Constellation Technology Ventures (VC arm of Exelon Corp.). PosiGen currently operates in Louisiana, Connecticut, Florida and New York. www.posigen.co"
" Digital Marine Solutions, a portfolio company of private equity firm Altor, has agreed to acquire the marine division of Jeppesen, which operates as a subsidiary of The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA). No financial terms were disclosed. c-map.jeppesen.co"
" Eurazeo has agreed to acquire two Swiss hospitality management schools ― the Glion Institute of High Education and Les Roches International School of Hotel Management ― from Laureate Education Inc., a Baltimore-based for-profit education company owned by KKR. The deal is valued at approximately $384 million. www.eurazeo.co"
" Levine Leichtman Capital Partners has acquired Brass Smith Innovations LLC, a Denver-based maker of food guards, cold pans and other products for the institutional food services sector. No financial terms were disclosed. www.brasssmith.co"
" MOD Pizza, a Seattle-based fast casual pizza chain, has raised around $32 million in new equity funding from existing shareholder PWP Growth Equity (which previously had invested $74 million). Read more"
" Spring & Sprout Dental Holdings, a dental practice acquisition platform sponsored by Huron Capital Partners, has acquired Dan German Orthodontics (Beaverton, Ohio). No financial terms were disclosed. www.springandsprout.co"
"Jose Cuervo, a Mexico City-based tequila maker that was founded more than two centuries ago, has begun talking to investment banks about an IPO that could come later this year, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Verizon (NYSE: VZ) has acquired Volicon, a Burlington, Mass.-based provider of video capture and monitoring tools for TV broadcasters. No financial terms were disclosed. Volicon had raised VC funding from firms like Brookline Capital Partners and Naftali Investments. www.volicon.co"
" CBS Corp. (NYSE: CBS) said that it is seeking a buyer for its radio business, which comprises 117 stations in 26 markets. Read more"
 Clayton Williams Energy Inc. (NYSE:CWEI) has closed its previously-announced $340 million term loan from Ares Management. Around $160 million of the proceeds will be used to repay existing indebtedness. www.aresmgmt.co
" FleetCor Technologies Inc. (NYSE: FLT) has agreed to acquire Serviços e Tecnologia de Pagamentos SA, a Brazilian electronic toll payments company, from a shareholder group that includes CCR SA, Arteris SA and Raizen Combustiveis SA (a joint venture between Shell and Cosan). The deal is valued at approximately $1.05 billion. www.fleetcor.co"
" Mitel Networks (TSX: MNW) and Polycom (Nasdaq: PLCM) are in merger talks, according to Reuters. Activist investor Elliott Management has been pushing for the two telecom equipment makers to combine. Read more"
" Peabody  Energy Corp. (NYSE: BTU), the largest U.S. coal producer, said that it may seek Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Read more"
"  Sanofi has agreed to a partnership with Menlo Park, Calif.-based DiCE Molecules that could be valued at upwards of $2.3 billion. The deal, which focuses on finding new oral medicines to replace injections for certain diseases, also includes Sanofi acquiring an equity stake in DiCE. Read more"
" The Abraaj Group has launched a dedicated project development arm focused on the energy infrastructure space. It will be led by new partner Tas Anvaripour, who previously was CEO of Africa 50, and new managing director Marc Mandaba, a former private infrastructure investment officer with the Africa Development Bank. www.abraaj.co"
" Anterra Capital, a growth equity firm focused on the global food and agriculture tech market, has closed its debut fund with $125 million in capital commitments. The Amsterdam-based firm also announced that it will open a Boston office. Read more"
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch has promoted global leveraged finance chief A.J. Murphy to head of global capital markets. She succeeds the retiring Jim Probert. Read more
 Charlie Burckmyer has joined JMC Capital Partners as a principal. He previously co-founded Knob Hill Partners. www.jmccp.co
" Michael McHugh has joined FBR & Co. as a managing director of investment banking, covering media and telecom. He previously was head of the media and communications group at Matrix Capital Markets Group. www.fbr.co"
" Fredrik Reinfeldt, the former prime minister of Sweden, has joined Bank of America as a senior advisor focused on Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Read more"
" Wafra Partners, a New York-based middle-market private equity firm, has promoted Jeff Gerson and Andrew Thompson to managing director. It also has promoted Alex Blair to assistant vice president. www.wafra.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Just a few quick notes to kick off your Thursday:
" Red ink: U.S. private equity performance was negative for Q3 2015, according to new data released by Cambridge Associates. That's the first negative mark in years, and seems to have been driven both by the large size of the 2007 vintage sample (which is down 2.4%) and energy sector write-downs. Overall in Q3, U.S. private equity capital calls fell 6.1% and distributions were off 9.8%"
"U.S. venture capital performance also went red, both both it and the PE index beat the Nasdaq, DJIA and S&P 500 for Q3. Both PE and VC performance data remains in positive territory for Q1-Q3 2015, plus all other listed time periods (1-year, 5-year, 10-year, etc.)."
 New firm alert: Omidyar Technology Ventures has quietly launched as an early-stage VC firm solely funded by eBay founder Pierre Omidyar
"It is being led by managing partner Todor Tashev, a former TellMe and JPMorgan exec who most recently led global tech, Internet and mobile investments of Omidyar Network (Pierre's longstanding ""philanthropic"" venture firm). Other team members include partner Chris Bishko (ex-Omidyar Network), principal Pearl Chan (ex-Omidyar Network) and associate Sid Trevidi (ex-Symphony Technology Group)."
" And another: The VR Fund is out raising $50 million for its debut fund, according to a regulatory filing. This is a new Silicon Valley effort focused on early-stage virtual reality and augmented reality startups, and led by Marco DeMiroz (ex-Evolution Media Capital, ex-CEO of PlayFirst) and Tipatat Chennavasin (ex-Rothenberg Ventures and ex-Samsung Accelerator)"
" Recommended reading : Bloomberg has a stunning piece up from Dune Lawrence, a journalist who for two years was the subject of a very public smear campaign by Benjamin Wey (operating under a pseudonym, natch). If that name sounds familiar, it may be because he was considered the ""king of Chinese reverse mergers,"" before being charged by U.S. authorities with securities fraud and other financial crimes. Read it by going here"
" Gametime: We've now got more than 1,000 Term Sheet readers competing in our annual March Madness contest. Actual games kick off early this afternoon, so you've got just a couple more hours to join us. To do so, please follow this link, hit ""Join Group,"" enter our password (carriedinterest) and fill out a bracket"
"If for some reason you have troubles with the above link, just go to the main ESPN homepage and hit on its Tourney Challenge. Our group name is “Term Sheet 2016."""
" Royal Dutch Shell PLC and Saudi Aramco plan to end their decades-old Motiva fuel partnership, in a move that will result in America’s largest oil refinery being owned by Saudi Arabia. Read more"
" 10x Genomics, a Pleasanton, Calif.-based genomics sequencing company, has raised $55 million in Series C funding. Fidelity led the round, and was joined by Softbank, JS Capital Management and return backers Venrock, Foresite Capital and Paladin Capital. www.10xgenomics.co"
" M-Files Corp., a Finland-based provider of document management software, has raised $36 million in Series B funding. Partech Ventures led the round, and was joined by Finnish Industry Investment and Draper Esprit. www.m-files.com/fi"
" Gecko Biomedical, a Paris-based developer of polymers to support tissue healing, has raised €22.5 million in Series A2 funding. Sofinnova Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Omnes Capital, CM-CIC Innovation and CapDecisif Management. www.geckobiomedical.co"
" Handshake, a New York-based maker of software that lets wholesale businesses sell online, has raised $14 million in Series B funding. Sozo Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Emergence Capital, SoftTech VC, BOLDstart Ventures, MHS Capital, Point Nine, and Primary Venture Partners. Read more"
" Afluenta, an Argentina-based peer-to-peer lending network for Latin America, has raised $8 million in Series B funding from the International Finance Corp. and Elevar Equity. www.afluenta.co"
" FloQast, a Los Angeles-based provider of month-end closing software for accountants, has raised $6.5 million in Series A funding. Polaris Partners and Toba Capital co-led the round, and were joined by Amplify.LA, Wavermaker Partners and Danmar Capital. www.floqast.co"
" Mandae, a shipping platform for individuals and small businesses in Brazil, has raised $2.5 million in new VC funding. Qualcomm Ventures led the round, and was joined by Monashees+ and Valor Capital Group. www.mandae.com.b"
" Trusted, an on-demand childcare platform, has raised $2.1 million in seed funding. Backers include KPCB Edge, Slow Ventures, Crunchfund, Metamorphic, Techstars Ventures, Great Oaks, Naval Ravikant and Semil Shah. www.usetrusted.co"
" Advent International reportedly is planning to bid £1 billion for the UK government’s Land Registry operations, which collects data on property purchases and ownership. British Chencellor George Osborne had raised the possibility of privatizing the group in a statement last November. Read more"
" Bain Capital has invested $150 million for a control stake in Asia Pacific Medical Group, a China-focused hospital operator, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Clearlake Capital Group has sponsored a recapitalization of Globe Energy Services LLC, a Snyder, Texas-based provider of oilfield services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.globeenergyservices.co"
" ExactCare Pharmacy, a Cleveland-based pharmacy focused on improving medication adherence for patients with chronic conditions and on multiple medications, has secured an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Nautic Partners. www.exactcarepharmacy.co"
" Halex Istar, a Brazil-based maker of pharmaceutical parenteral solutions, has secured an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from H.I.G. Capital. Proceeds will be used to acquire local rival Isofarma. www.halexistar.com.b"
" Liberty Hall Capital Partners has acquired Bromford Industries, a UK-based maker of close tolerance engine components, fabrications and assemblies and landing gear components for the global aerospace and power generation industries. www.bromfordindustries.co.u"
" TPG Capital is among several firms seeking to acquire an equity stake in Indian state-owned lender IDBI Bank Ltd., according to Bloomberg. A deal could be valued at upwards of $564 million. Read more"
" Williams Sound, an Eden Prairie, Minn.-based provider of assistive listening systems, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity and subordinated debt financing from Graycliff Partners. Existing shareholders include Cardinal Equity Partners. www.williamssound.co"
" Hutchison China MediTech, a China-focused oncology pharma company backed by CK Hutchinson (Hong Kong: 1), raised $101 million in its IPO. The company priced 7.5 million American depository shares at $13.50 per share. This compares to plans to offer 6.1 million shares at $16.33, which was the issuer’s previous trading price on London’s AIM market. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol HCM, while BofA Merrill Lynch and Deutsche Bank served as lead underwriters. www.chi-med.co"
" Cinven said that it has entered into exclusive talks to sell Prezioso, a French provider of technical and engineering services to the energy and infrastructure sectors, to France’s Altrad Group for an undisclosed amount. www.prezioso.f"
" Banco Santander Brasil is considering a takeover offer for the Brazilian subsidiary of Citigroup (NYSE: C), according to a Banco Santander official. Read more"
" China Merchant Bank has submitted an informal bid to acquire London’s Baltic Exchange, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Accel has closed its thirteenth early-stage U.S. fund with $500 million in capital commitments, plus raised another $1.5 billion for its new U.S. growth equity fund. Read more"
" Contour Venture Partners, a New York-based early-stage VC firm, has closed its third fund with $56 million in capital commitments. www.contourventures.co"
 The European Investment Fund has launched a €225 million VC fund focused on early-stage and growth-stage investment opportunities in Germany. www.eif.or
" Founders Fund, a venture capital firm co-founded by Peter Thiel, has raised more than $1 billion for its sixth fund, according to the NY Times. Read more"
" Marble Ridge Capital has launched a hedge fund focused on distressed assets, according to Reuters. It is founded by former Paulson & Co. partner Dan Kamensky, and counts early Bain Capital employee Coleman Andrews among its initial investors. Read more"
 Partners Group has closed its sixth private equity secondaries fund with €2.5 billion in capital commitments. www.partnersgroup.co
 Todd Bowen has joined Greenberg Traurig as a New York-based partner in the law firm’s private equity practice. He previously was a partner at Mayer Brown. www.gtlaw.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some items as we head into the weekend...
" Circling the Square: Yesterday afternoon we reported that Union Square Ventures had raised $166.8 million for its fourth early-stage investment fund, according to a regulatory filing. This doesn't quite appear to be a final close, but rather the institutional piece, with upcoming individual commitments bringing the total to $175 million. Two quick items that weren't in our original post"
"1. The SEC filing lists the same five general partners as were listed the last time around, but an LP tells me that there has been a switch when it comes to the ""managing partner"" roles. Rather than firm co-founders Brad Burnham and Fred Wilson, the managing partners are now Albert Wegner and Andy Weissman. Not terribly surprising, as Wilson had told me on stage earlier this year that USV was paying close attention to succession planning. ""It basically means that if we need to talk or complain about something, we call Albert or Andy now"" the LP says. ""I think not being managing partner sounds like a better job."""
"2. When USV raised its third early-stage fund in 2014, it was paired with a similar-sized ""opportunity"" fund for later-stage deals. But there is no sidecar being raised this time around, apparently because the existing vehicle has plenty of dry powder."
"No comment on any of this from USV, natch."
" Alt asset issue: As you might imagine, I've gotten a lot of emails this week about the Michael Goguen situation. Some of them believe Amber Baptiste, some of them believe Goguen and then there is a whole lot in between. But, as some of you have noted, Baptiste's claims for breach of contract don't only include lurid details of alleged sexual abuse. They also include an allegation that Goguen paid expenses for Baptiste via a bogus nonprofit"
From Baptiste's complaint:
"""In or around 2010, at Mr. Goguen's request, Ms. Baptiste formed two companies to receive money from Mr. Goguen... Ms. Baptiste formed Je Ne Se Que Enterprises LLC and a charitable organization called Every Girl Counts. Mr. Goguen then wired money directly to these companies. On information and belief, the money was wired to the companies so that he could write off the money as 'donations' and keep it hidden from his wife. This money was paid to Ms. Baptiste to cover her general living expenses."""
"Goguen does not address these allegations in his cross-complaint, but I'd have to imagine that the IRS might soon take an interest..."
" Still not easy: Staples and Office Depot will begin fighting for their merger in court next Monday, and today issued a letter saying that the Federal Trade Commission has ""cherry picked a few facts to fit its narrative and support its case."
"It is highly unusual to beat the FTC in court on such things ― which is why acquirors rarely try ― but this is a case in which Staples CEO Ron Sargent has basically out his entire tenure on the line. And it should help that the deal has received regulatory approval elsewhere, not to mention that Staples has made significant divestiture offers. But, as a reminder, Staples itself is now worth just $1.1 billion more (including debt) than the value of Office Depot when the merger was originally announced more than a year ago."
" Game Time: More than 1,400 Term Sheet readers are competing in our March Madness competition, which is easily a new record. And after the first day of games, we have a single leader: An account that goes by the name Hard Assets Only (IPP), which picked all 16 contests correctly. If that's your account, be sure to let me know. And continued good luck to all.."
 Have a great weekend
"  Starwood  Hotels & Resorts (NYSE:HOT) has agreed to be acquired by China's Anbang Insurance Group Co. for around $13.2 billion, or $78 per share, according to CNBC. Other members of the buying group include private equity firms J.C. Flowers and Primavera Capital. Starwood  had agreed last November to be acquired by Marriott International (Nasdaq: MAR). Read more"
" Pieces Technologies, a Dallas-based health IT and data analytics startup that develops patient warning tools, has raised $21.6 million in Series A funding. Pacific Advantage Capital and Jump Capital co-led the round, and were joined by Children’s Health, the Order of Saint Francis Healthcare System and PCCI. www.piecestech.co"
" Kenandy, a Redwood City, Calif.-based provider of enterprise resource planning solutions, has raised $11.5 million in new Series B funding. Backers include Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Buyers, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Salesforce Ventures and Wilson Sonsini Ventures. The company held a first close on the Series B round in 2013, and now has raised more than $55 million in total VC funding. www.kenandy.co"
" HighGround, a Chicago-based cloud HR platform focused on company culture, has raised $7.6 million in new VC funding, according to an SEC filing. Existing backers include Lightbank. www.highground.co"
" Cumulus Funding, a Chicago-based consumer finance startup that offers “income share agreements,” has raised $6 million in Series A funding. Continental Investors led the round, and was joined by HC Technologies, D-W Investments, Bridge Investments and Service Provider Capital. The company also secured $25 million in new debt financing commitments. www.cumulusfunding.co"
" Playjam, a UK-based distributor of interactive content, has raised £1 million in VC funding from Gate Ventures. www.playjam.co"
" Affinity Equity Partners and CVC Capital Partners have submitted takeover bids for South Korean parcel delivery company Logen Co Ltd., according to Korea Economic Daily. The company currently is owned by Baring Private Equity Asia, and also received first-round offers from Deutsche Post DHL Group and United Parcel Service (NYSE: UPS). www.ilogen.co"
" Arsenal Capital Partners has acquired a majority stake in Pacific Urethanes LLC, an Ontario, Calif.-based developer of specialty polyurethane foam materials. www.pacurethanes.ne"
" The Blackstone Group is nearing an agreement to acquire a 60.5% stake in MphasiS, an India-listed provider of outsourced IT services, from Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE), according to Reuters. The deal could be worth around $940 million. Read more"
" BioAgilytix, a Durham, N.C.-based provider of contract bioanalytical testing services, has acquired IPM Biotech, a German bioanalytical contract research laboratory focused on immunogenicity. No financial terms were disclosed. BioAgilytix is a portfolio company of The Riverside Company. www.bioagilytix.co"
 Glenwood Private Equity (South Korea) has agreed to acquire South Korea-based Lafarge Halla Cement Corp. from LafargeHolcim Ltd. (Swiss: LHN) for approximately $542 million. Read more
" Ministry Brands, a Lenoir City, Tenn.-based Christian software company backed by Providence Equity Partners and Genstar Capital, has acquired the faith division of Active Network, a Dallas-based portfolio company of Vista Equity Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.activenetwork.co"
" The Riverside Company has agreed to acquire Guestline Ltd., a UK-based provider of cloud-based software to the hospitality sector. No financial terms were disclosed. www.guestline.co"
" Juwai.com, a China-based property search engine, said that it is planning an IPO by year-end or by early 2017. In the interim, the company reportedly is raising an undisclosed amount of private equity funding. Read more"
" Senseonics, a Germantown, Md.-based provider of glucose monitoring devices, raised $45 million in its IPO. The company priced 15.8 million shares at $2.85 per share, compared to plans to offer 18.2 million shares at between $3.10 and $3.50 per share. The company's stock had been traded on the OTCQB under ticker symbol SENH, and it will relist on the NYSE MKT under symbol SENS. Leerink Partners and Canaccord Genuity served as lead underwriters. Senseonics had raised VC funding from such firms as New Enterprise Associates (33% pre-IPO stake), Delphi Ventures (13.4%), HealthCare Ventures (7.4%), Roche Finance (10.5%) and Energy Capital (9.9%). www.senseonics.co"
"Cerberus Capital Management has sold another 6% of the outstanding shares in Japanese rail and hotel operator Seibu (Tokyo: 9024), leaving it with around a 15% interest. Read more"
" iFood, a Brazilian-based food delivery company, has agreed to acquire SpoonRocket, a San Francisco-based healthy meal delivery startup that earlier this week announced that it would shut down. No financial terms were disclosed. SpoonRocket had raised $13.5 million in VC funding from firms like Foundation Capital, Sherpa Capital and Y Combinator. Read more"
" Kickstarter has acquired Drip, a Brooklyn-based online music community that had shut down last month. No financial terms were disclosed. Drip backers had included Brooklyn Bridge Ventures, Expa and Collaborative Fund. Read more"
" Norwest Equity Partners is considering a sale of Surgical Information Systems, an Alpharetta, Ga.-based provider of perioperative process software, according to LBO Wire. www.sisfirst.co"
" Bouygues Telecom is prepping a breakup that would reconfigure the French telecom market, according to the WSJ. Under terms of the proposed plan, Orange SA would purchase Bouygues Telecom for €10 billion in cash and stock, and then sell a “large part” of its fixed-line and mobile customers to SFR (a subsidiary of Altice) for upwards of €4 billion. Orange also would sell Bouygues Telecom’s spectrum, network and stores for just over €2 billion to Iliad SA. Read more"
 CK Hutchison (HK: 1) said that it may sell its minority equity stake in UK-based phone carrier Three. Proceeds would be used to help finance CK Hutchinson’s planned $15 billion purchase Three rival O2. Read more
" Foodpanda, a food delivery service backed by Rocket Internet and Goldman Sachs, has acquired the Hong Kong business of Delivery.com for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
" IBM (NYSE: IBM) has acquired Optevia, a UK-based provider of CRM consulting solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Primary Health Care (ASX: PRY) saw its shares climb more than 5% after it confirmed that Hong Kong-based Haitong Group had amassed a 5.78% equity stake. It is unclear if the purchase is designed to precipitate a takeover offer for the Australian medical services company, which now has a market cap of around A$1.9 billion. Read more"
" Tribune Publishing Co. (NYSE: TPUB) won an auction to purchase the Orange County Register and The Riverside Press-Enterprise newspapers for $56 million, but the U.S. Justice Department already has filed a lawsuit to block the deal on anti-trust grounds. Read more"
" ARCH Venture Partners is raising upwards of $400 million for its ninth life sciences-focused VC fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.archventure.co"
" SV Angel is raising upwards of $46 million for its sixth fund, according to a regulatory fund. The only listed general partner is Topher Conway. www.svangel.co"
 Josh Green has joined Carbon3D Inc. as general counsel. He also will remain a managing director of Mohr Davidow Ventures. www.carbon3d.co
" Jeffrey Griffiths and Andrew Symons have joined private equity placement agency Campbell Luytens as a principal (London) and senior VP (New York), respectively. Griffiths previously was in the private fund group of Credit Suisse, while Symons was with Eaton Partners. www.campbell-lutyens.co"
 John Kispertas has joined Black Diamond Ventures as a managing partner. He previously was CEO of Spansion. www.bdventures.co
 Jeff Williams has joined Bain Capital Ventures as an operating partner. He most recently served as senior VP of sales at FireEye (Nasdaq: FEYE). www.baincapitalventures.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Today's planned column didn't quite come together in time, so just some very quick notes to kick off your Monday:"
" Deal data: U.S. equity capital markets activity is down 57% year-to-date compared to 2015, according to Thomson Reuters. And healthcare-specific ECM activity is taking an even deeper cut, down 64%. Global M&A is off 14% (-26% for U.S. targets), while global private equity is down 41% (-57% for U.S.)"
" Update: Last week I mentioned how Amber Baptiste's lawsuit against Michael Goguen may have unintentionally revealed a tax fraud related to how Goguen allegedly paid for Baptiste's living expenses between 2010 and 2014 (namely by creating a tax-exempt ""charitable organization""). I've dug a bit deeper, and have posted a follow-up here"
" New fund alert: Stephen DeBerry, a former partner with Kapor Capital and investment director with Omidyar Network, is raising upwards of $50 million for the first formal fund under his San Francisco-based Bronze Investments brand, according to an SEC filing"
" Today in Theranos: Hillary Clinton's campaign has moved today's planned fundraiser away from Theranos HQ, to a private home in Palo Alto. That said, Theranos founder and CEO Elizabeth Holmes remains listed as a host"
" Prudence over price: One of today's VC deals is that Mattermark has raised $7 million in new VC funding at a $42 million post-money valuation. Many of you might know the San Francisco-based company for its database of VC deals, but it really is seeking to be a provider of data for corporate salespeople"
"Anyway, I asked founder and CEO Danielle Morrill why she opted to go with existing backer Foundry Group as the lead (i.e., do insider round, as Foundry took $5m of the $7m). Her reply: ""We had 14 months of runway when we raised, the funding climate made me nervous and now we have what we need to invest in long term growth and ensure we will get to break even, no matter what happens in the macro."""
" PE bodyslam: You probably read about how a Florida jury on Friday awarded Hulk Hogan $115 million in his case against Gawker Media. It's worth noting that Gawker sold an equity stake earlier this year to Columbus Nova Technology Partners for an undisclosed amount. As part of the deal, Columbus Nova put one of its partners on the Gawker board of directors. I guess this would be considered to have been a binary bet.."
" Recommended reading: New Orleans journalist Scott Santens has a fascinating piece up on Medium, jumping off from the recent competition in which artificial intelligence regularly defeated the world's top Go player (for those unfamiliar, consider it a strategic game that kind of mixes chess with Othello)"
"Specifically, Santens argues that deep learning is on track to replace most current human jobs, and much faster than we generally think possible. ""These exponential advances, most notably in forms of artificial intelligence limited to specific tasks, we are entirely unprepared for as long as we continue to insist upon employment as our primary source of income."" Read more by going here."
" Game Time: We've got a new leader in our March Madness competition, in which more than 1,400 of you are competing. It's Chris Hagen, who works in the debt capital markets group at Piper Jaffray. He's still got three of his final four remaining, including projected winner Kansas. Continued good luck to all, as the Sweet 16 gets whittled down to the Elite 8.."
" The Sherwin-Williams Co. (NYSE: SHW) has agreed to acquire rival paint-maker The Valspar Corp. (NYSE: VAL) for approximately $11.3 billion, or $113 per share (35% premium to Friday’s closing price). Read more"
" Moat Inc., a New York-based online media analytics company, has raised $50 million in Series C funding led by Insight Venture Partners. The company previously raised around $17 million from Mayfield, First Round Capital and Founders Fund. Read more"
" eGym, a Munich-based provider of cloud-connected gym equipment and related apps, has raised $45 million in Series C funding. HPE Growth Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers like Highland Europe. Read more"
" Atlantic Healthcare PLC, a UK-based pharma company focused on gastrointestinal disorders, has raised $24 million in new funding from LDC, Fullbrook Thorpe Investments (family office of Clinigen Group founder Andy Leaver) and the founders of Salix Pharmaceuticals. www.atlantichc.co"
" FuboTV, a New York-based online provider of live, streaming and curated soccer content, has raised $15 million in Series B funding, according to a regulatory filing. Existing backers include 21st Century Fox, I2BF Digital, BAM Ventures and Luminary Capital. www.fubotv.co"
" Mirriad Advertising Ltd., a UK-based provider of in-video ad solutions, has raised $15 million in new VC funding. IP Group PLC led the round, and was joined by Parkway Funds and Unilever Ventures. www.mirriad.co"
" Sillajen, a South Korea-based oncolytic immunotherapeutic startup, has raised $12 million in VC funding from Mediavate Partners. www.sillajen.co"
" Mattermark, a San Francisco-based provider of business information, has raised $7.3 million in new VC funding at a $42 million post-money valuation led by return backer Foundry Group. www.mattermark.co"
let you know that Mattermark has raised our Series B from Foundry Group. The round is $7.3M and values the company at $42M post money.
" Distribusion Technologies, a Berlin-based global distribution system for intercity bus and shuttle rides, has raised €6 million in new VC funding from  Northzone, Creandum, HR Ventures and seed backer Frühphasenfonds Brandenburg. www.distribusion.co"
" Elliptic, a London-based developer of blockchain monitoring technology, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. Paladin Capital Group led the round, and was joined by Santander InnoVentures, KRW Schindler, Digital Currency Group and return backer Octopus Ventures. www.elliptic.c"
" Tinkergarten, a Northampton, Mass.-based provider of outdoor early childhood education, has raised $1.6 million in seed funding. Omidyar Network led the round, and was joined by Blue [Seed] Collective, City Light Capital, 500 Ventures and Outbound Ventures. www.tinkergarten.co"
" ServisHero, a Malaysia-based provider of on-demand local services in Southeast Asia, has raised $2.7 million in seed funding. Golden Gate Ventures led the round, and was joined by Cradle Seed Ventures. Read more"
" Girnar Software, an India-based operator of online auto portals like CarDekho.com, has raised an undisclosed amount of new funding from Google Capital and return backer Hillhouse Capital. Read more"
" InQuba, a South Africa-based provider of managed customer experience orchestration, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Convergence Partners. www.inquba.co"
 Airbus Group (Paris: AIR) has agreed to sell its defense electronics unit to KKR for approximately $1.2 billion. Read more
" Blue Harvest Fisheries, a New York-based portfolio company of Bregal Partners, has acquired seven Massachusetts-based scallop vessels and related shoreside assets from Fairhaven, Mass.-based Harbor Blue Seafood. No financial terms were disclosed. www.bregalpartners.co"
" Clearlake Capital Group has acquired That’s How We Roll LLC, a Fairfield, N.J.-based provider of “better-for-you” snacks like Mrs. Thinsters and Dippin’ Chips. No financial terms were disclosed. www.mrsthinsters.co"
" Cleaver-Brooks Inc., a Thomasville, Ga.-based portfolio company of Harbour Group, has acquired Camus Hydronics Ltd., a Canadian maker of condensing hydronic boilers and water heaters for the commercial, institutional, large residential and light industrial markets. No financial terms were disclosed. www.camus-hydronics.co"
 Formation Capital and Dubai-based investment firm Safanad have acquired nine assisted living facilities in South Carolina from Agape Senior. No financial terms were disclosed. www.formationcapital.co
" LocusPoint Networks LLC, a portfolio company of The Blackstone Group, has quietly sold three television stations (in Baltimore, Detroit and Buffalo) for around $24 million to HME Equity Fund II. Read more"
" Sunnova Energy Corp., a Houston-based provider of residential solar power services, has raised $300 million in private equity funding from Energy Capital Partners. www.sunnova.co"
" WL Ross has agreed to acquire Nexeo Solutions Holdings LLC, a Houston-based distributor of chemicals and plastics and provider of environmental services, from TPG Capital. The deal values Nexeo at around $1.67 billion (8.4x adjusted EBITDA). www.nexeosolutions.co"
" The Bank of Tianjin raised $949 million in a Hong Kong IPO, after pricing shares at HK$7.39 each (near low end of HK$7.37-HK$9.58 range). The Chinese commercial lender’s offering is the largest Hong Kong IPO so far in 2016. Read more"
" J2 Global (Nasdaq: JCOM) has acquired Callstream, a UK-based provider of cloud-based call management solutions to the insurance, retail and travel markets, from backers like Octopus Investments and YFM Equity Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.callstream.co"
" Senvion, a German maker of offshore and onshore wind turbines, is planning to raise upwards of $358 million via a private placement after shelving an IPO due to market volatility. Backers include Centerbridge Partners. Read more"
" Affymetrix (Nasdaq: AFFX), a Santa Clara, Calif.-based maker of molecular diagnostics equipment, has rejected a $1.5 billion takeover offer from a group of its former executives, saying it was “not superior” to an existing $1.3 billion deal to be acquired by Thermo Fisher Scientific (NYSE: TMO). The ex-executive group says that it remains committed to getting a deal done. Read more"
" Foxconn of Taiwan reportedly will lower its offer for Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp., from its original bid of $4.4 billion. Read more"
" IHS (NYSE: IHS) has agreed to acquire Markit Ltd. (Nasdaq: MRKT), a London-based financial data provider, at an enterprise value of around $5.9 billion. The all-stock deal would give IHS shareholders around a 57% stake in the combined company. Read more"
" Geo-Jade Petroleum Corp. of China has agreed to acquire Canada’s Bankers Petroleum Ltd. (TSX: BNK) for C$575 million, or C$2.20 per share. Read more"
" Zegona Communications PLC is in exclusive talks to acquire TeliaSonera AB’s (Olso: TLSN) Spanish unit, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Apax Partners is raising approximately $1.9 billion for its ninth France-focused fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.apax.co"
" Silver Oak Services Partners, an Evanston, Ill.-based private equity firm focused on the lower middle markets, has closed its third fund with $335 million in capital commitments. Forum Capital Partners served as placement agent. www.silveroaksp.co"
" Rebecca Converse has joined Sutton Hill, a provider of outsourced investor relations for private equity firms, as a managing director. She previously was director of IR, marketing and communications with Wind Point Partners. www.sutton-hill.co"
 Todd Lachman (former global president of Mars Petcare) and Larry Bodner (former CFO of Big Heart Pet Brands) have joined Advent International as senior advisors. www.adventinternational.co
" Brad McCarter has joined The William and Flora Hewlett Foundation as associate director of private investments. He previously was a vice president with AlpInvest Partners, a unit of The Carlyle Group. www.hewlett.or"
" Metalmark Capital has promoted Donald Gerne and Kumar Valliappan to managing director. Gerne joined the firm in 2011, and serves on the boards of portfolio companies Northeast Natural Energy and WorldStrides. Valliappan joined in 2006 and serves on the boards of Cardinal Chemicals and Hoffmaster. www.metalmarkcapital.co"
 Chase Wimberly has joined Answers.com as senior VP of corporate development. He previously was director of corp dev at Internet Brands. www.answers.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Greetings from the home office. Some notes to kick off your Tuesday:
" New firm alert: David Lee, the seed-stage venture capitalist who last year resigned from the firm he had co-founded with Ron Conway, is back with a new firm called Refactor Capital"
"The nascent effort was disclosed in an SEC filing, which shows that Lee will partner with Zal Bilimoria (most recently a partner with Andreessen Horowitz) and Rick Barber (ex-chief of staff at Nuna Health). The trio is seeking upwards of $50 million for their debut fund."
Lee had co-founded SV Angel with Conway back in 2007 and effectively led investment efforts beginning in 2010. But he suddenly resigned last May without much explanation.
"A source familiar with Refactor says that the plan is to focus on seed-stage software startups on the West Coast, including (but not limited to) healthcare IT. The SEC document lists a Burlingame, CA headquarters, but Lee (who declined comment) is expected to remain based in Los Angeles."
" No hurdle, no problem: Advent International this morning announced that it has closed its eighth flagship private equity fund with $13 billion in capital commitments. That's $1 billion above target, which means that LPs apparently weren't turned off by the Boston-based firm's decision to drop its preferred return (a.k.a. hurdle rate)"
" Boom to bust: Jumio, an online credentials authentication startup that had raised around $30 million in VC funding, yesterday filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. It also said that its assets would be sold to Facebook co-founder (and existing Jumio investor) Eduardo Saverin (who also will provide $3.7m in DIP financing)"
"No specifics yet on what happened from the company, except that it was unable to secure new funding  due to “certain legacy issues combined with related government investigations and proceedings."" Its most recent outside funding round came in early 2014 at around a $189 million post-money valuation (per Pitchbook), co-led by Andreessen Horowitz and Citi Ventures."
" And now for something completely different: I've spent a decent part of the past week working on a piece unrelated to Term Sheet: Social media ties between Donald Trump, some senior members of his campaign and avowed white supremacists. In short, it's more than just a few random retweets. You can read the story I wrote with Ben Kharakh by going here"
" BigBasket, an India-based online grocery, has raised $150 million in new funding. The Abraaj Group led the round, and was joined by return backers Bessemer Venture Partners, Helion Advisors, Zodius Capital and Ascent Capital. www.bigbasket.co"
" Acutus Medical, a Carlsbad, Calif.-based provider of electrophysiology solutions, has raised $75 million in Series C funding. Deerfield Management and Xeraya Capital were joined by return backers GE Ventures, OrbiMed Advisors and Advent Life Sciences. www.acutusmedical.co"
" BYJU, an educational online platform and app for sixth-twelfth graders in India, has raised $75 million in new VC funding from Sequoia Capital India and Sofina. Read more"
" Aerin Medical Inc., a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based medical device company focused on nasal breathing disorders, has raised $16.7 million in Series C funding from backers like Targeted Technology Fund and KCK Group. www.aerinmedical.co"
" Sight Machine Inc., a San Francisco-based online data platform for manufacturers, has raised $13.5 million in Series B funding. Jump Capital led the round, and was joined by GE Ventures, Two Roads Group and Pritzker Group Venture Capital. Existing backers include Mercury Fund, Michigan eLab, Huron River Ventures, Orfin Ventures, Funders Club, IA Ventures and OATV. www.sightmachine.co"
" Syntimmune Inc., a New York-based developer of treatments for IgG-mediated autoimmune diseases, has secured a clinical milestone-based $10 million tranche of its $26 million Series A round co-led by Apple Tree Partners and Baxalta Ventures. www.syntimmune.co"
" Adarza BioSystems Inc., a Rochester, N.Y.-based developer of label-free multiplex assays, has raised $5 million in Series B funding. Backers include Cultivation Capital, Lewis and Clark Ventures and Siemens Venture Capital. www.adarzabio.co"
" Medical Departures, a Thailand-based medical services marketplace for those seeking cross-border treatments and procedures, has raised $2.5 million in Series A funding. DMP led the round, and was joined by Hubert Burda Media, CyberAgent Ventures and OPT SEA. www.medicaldepartures.co"
" GreatHorn, a Belmont, Mass.-based provider of cloud communication security solutions, has raised $2.25 million in seed funding. ff Venture Capital and SoftTech VC co-led the round, and were joined by Techstars Ventures, RRE Ventures, Walter Winshall and return backers Zelkova Ventures and V1.VC. www.greathorn.co"
" ClubReady, a St. Louis-based provider of business management software for the fitness and wellness market, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding from Level Equity. www.clubready.co"
" Benefitexpress, a Schaumburg, Ill.-based cloud platform for employee benefits, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from LLR Partners. www.benefitexpress.inf"
" CI Capital Partners has acquired Hero Digital, a San Francisco-based digital consulting firm. No financial terms were disclosed. www.herodigital.co"
" Denu Partners, an Ireland-based investment firm, has acquired Boston-based steakhouse chain The Smith & Wollensky Restaurant Group from Bunker Hill Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.smithandwollensky.co"
" Edgewater Markets, a New York-based provider of electronic foreign exchange aggregation and distribution to institutional clients, has raised $30 million in minority equity funding led by FTV Capital. www.edgewatermarkets.co"
" Open Lending LLC, an Austin, Texas-based provider of loan analytics, risk modeling and automated decision technology for automotive lenders, has raised $40 million in private equity funding from Bregal Sagemount. www.openlending.co"
" Response Team 1, a Wheeling, Ill.-based provider of property restoration and renovation services, has secured an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Nautic Partners. The deal also included leveraged financing from Antares Capital and LStar Capital.  www.responseteam1.co"
" Stellex Capital Management has acquired Morbark LLC, a Winn, Mich.-based maker of wood chippers and deforestation equipment. No financial terms were disclosed. www.morbark.co"
" The Bank of Tianjin raised $949 million in a Hong Kong IPO, after pricing shares at HK$7.39 each (near low end of HK$7.37-HK$9.58 range). The Chinese commercial lender’s offering is the largest Hong Kong IPO so far in 2016. Read more"
" Bio-Techne Corp. (Nasdaq: TECH) has acquired Zephyrus Biosciences, a Berkeley, Calif.-based developer of research tools to enable protein analysis at the single cell level. No financial terms were disclosed. Zephyrus had been seeded by such firms as Life Sciences Angels, Mission Bay Capital, The Angel Forum, BayBio Fast, 5 Prime Ventures and the Stanford StartX Fund. www.zephyrusbio.co"
" CRT Capital Group, a portfolio company of Aquiline Capital Partners, has agreed to sell its credit products, credit research, special-situations and emerging-markets units to Cowen Group (Nasdaq: COWN). Read more"
" HGGC has agreed to sell Serena Software, a Redwood City, Calif.-based provider of enterprise IT management solutions, to Micro Focus (LSE: MCRO) for $540 million in cash. HGGC had purchased Serena Software in early 2014 from Silver Lake for approximately $450 million. www.serena.co"
" Influitive, a Toronto-based advocate marketing startup, has acquired Triggerfox, a Toronto-based mobile relationship management application. No financial terms were disclosed. Influitive recently closed a $38.7 million Series B round from Leaders Fund, Export Development Canada, Georgian Partners, Relay Ventures, BDC Capital IT Venture Fund and OurCrowd, www.influitive.co"
" Marriott International (Nasdaq: MAR) isn’t going down without a fight, in its effort to acquire Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide (NYSE: HOT). The Bethesda, Md.-based hotel operator has raised its cash and stock bid to $79.53 per share, or $13.6 billion. Its previous offer valued Starwood at $13.2 billion, and was effectively matched by a consortium that includes Anbang Insurance Group, J.C. Flowers and Primavera Capital. As part of its new bid. Marriott also increased its breakup fee from $400 million to $450 million, although that’s unlikely to deter a counter from Anbang. Read more"
" Sparkle Roll Group (HK: 970) said that it is in talks to acquire Bang & Olufsen, a listed Danish maker of high-end speaker systems. News of the possible deal caused B&O shares to jump, giving it a market cap of approximately $460 million. Read more"
" Sverica Capital Management, a lower middle-market private equity firm with offices in Boston and San Francisco, has closed its fourth fund with $275 million in capital commitments. www.sverica.co"
" Teralys Capital (Montreal) has closed its latest VC fund-of-funds with C$375 million in capital commitments. Limited partners include Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, Fonds de solidarité FTQ, Investissement Québec, BDC Capital, Fondaction CSN, Fiera Capital, Lune Rouge, Bpifrance, National Bank of Canada, La Capitale, Desjardins Group, Knight Therapeutics, OpenText Corp. and Consensus Business Group. www.teralyscapital.co"
" Rick Braun has joined GenNx360 Capital Partners as an operating partner. He previously was Scotland-based managing director of Weir Services Europe and, before that, served in various executive positions with Rolls Royce. www.gennx360.co"
" Noah Lichtenstein has transitioned from a partner to venture partner role with Cowboy Ventures. Before joining the Silicon Valley VC firm in 2013, he helped found Homerun (acquired by Rearden Commerce). www.cowboy.v"
" Nomura has named Jan Newman and Ben Lowther, previously of Newman Lowther & Associates, as co-heads of a new South Africa office and team. Read more"
" Pomona Capital has promoted Sebastien Bowen and Ryan Levitt to partner. Bowen joined the firm in 2010 from MetLife Investments, while Levitt joined 2007 from GE Capital. www.pomonacapital.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Earlier this month we reported that General Motors had agreed to pay more than $1 billion in cash and stock to acquire Cruise, a developer of autonomous vehicle technology. At the time I knew that Cruise had raised around $18 million in VC funding from firms like Spark Capital, Maven Ventures, Founder Collective and Y Combinator."
"What I didn't realize, however, was that it also had taken investments from a pair of AngelList syndicates: One from Zach Coelius ($100k as part of Series A), and another from Tikhon Bernstam ($100k as part of Series B)."
This would seem to be the first $1 billion+ exit ever for a company that has raised crowdfunded equity.
"Coelius, the former CEO of Triggit (acquired by Gravity4), was old friends with Cruise founder and CEO Kyle Vogt. The pair had coffee just as Cruise was getting off the ground ― and well before its current business model took shape ― and asked to invest. ""I usually prefer to do AngelList syndicates of $200,000 or more, but $100,000 is all we could get. And I'm glad we did,"" says Coelius, who adds that Vogt was over at his home for dinner less than one week before the GM news broke. ""He didn't let the slightest hint drop, so I was absolutely shocked."""
"Tikhon Bernstam, co-founder of Parse and Scribd, had made a personal investment in Cruise as part of the Series A (the two are old friends who used to live in the same building), and convinced Vogt to take $100,000 from his syndicate for the Series B. He believes that GM got a steal at $1 billion, suggesting that this could be the transportation version of Facebook's deal for Instagram."
"Both of the AngelList syndicates were done as invite-only, which now describes around 65% of such deals. Each also had some institutional participation from Maiden Lane and/or Upshot, two funds that are dedicated to backing AngelList syndicates. In each case, the syndicate sponsor (i.e., Coelius and Bernstam) will get carried interest."
" From the bench: CVC Capital Partners has (again) gotten extra time to respond to the lawsuit brought against it by a former investor relations director, who alleged that she was fondled by a senior CVC exec, violations of the Family Leave Act and retaliation for reporting such behaviors. The new extension is just one week, which means we should get a response next week (unless all this stalling means that settlement discussions are bearing fruit)"
" Troll booth: As you might imagine, yesterday's post about Donald Trump's social media ties to white supremacists got a lot of attention from a community of avowed racists who, despite being proudly ""anti-PC,"" take offense at an outsider calling them racists. If you've got the stomach for it, do a Twitter search for @danprimack. Long day.."
" Update: Earlier this month we discussed the new financing round for DoorDash, the on-demand food delivery company that was selling Series C stock at a 15.68% discount to its Series B shares. Yesterday the company announced that the round closed out at $127 million, which means the post-money valuation is $717 million"
" Domo,  a  Lindon, Utah-based provider of  a  SaaS executive management platform, has raised $131 million in Series E funding from firms like BlackRock and Credit Suisse. The deal keeps Domo valued at around $2 billion (same as last April's Series D round)"
"Existing shareholders include TPG Growth, Dragoneer Investment Group, Fidelity Investments, Morgan Stanley Investment Management, Salesforce.com, T. Rowe, Viking Global Investors and return backers GGV Capital, Greylock Partners, IVP and Mercato Partners."
Domo also announced the creation of a $50 million VC fund to back developers building on apps on Domo. Read more.
" Quanterix Corp., a Lexington, Mass.-based developer of ultrasensitive single molecule testing capabilities, has raised $46 million in Series D funding. Trinitas Capital, Cormorant Asset Management and Arch Overage Fund co-led the round, and were joined by return backers ARCH Venture Partners, Bain Capital Ventures, Tufts University and Dr. David Walt. Hercules Capital also participated. www.quanterix.co"
" Stratoscale, an Israel-based developer of “zero-to-cloud-in-minutes solution” for data centers, has raised $27 million in Series C funding. Qualcomm Ventures was joined by return backers Battery Ventures, Bessemer Venture Partners, Cisco Investments, Intel Capital and SanDisk Ventures. www.stratoscale.co"
" Science Exchange, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based scientific research marketplace, has raised $25 million in Series B funding. Maverick Capital led the round, and was joined by Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, OATV, Collaborative Fund, YC Continuity Fund and individual angels. Read more"
" BetterWorks, a Redwood City, Calif.-based employee goals platform, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. Emergence Capital led the round, and was joined by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and 8VC. Read more"
" HomeUnion, an Irvine, Calif.-based online real estate investment management platform, has raised $16 million in Series B funding. Backers include Colchis Capital, Northgate Capital, Tamarisc and Artiman Ventures. www.homeunion.co"
" GoCardless, a UK-based bank-to-bank payment network, has raised $13 million in new VC funding. Notion Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Balderton Capital, Accel and Passion Capital. www.gocardless.co"
" FOVE Inc., a San Francisco-based developer of an eye-tracking VR headset, has raised $11 million in Series A funding. Colopl VR Fund led the round, and was joined by Hon Hai, 2020 and Samsung Venture Investments. www.getfove.co"
" Start A Fire, an Israel-based social attribution tool for brands, marketers and publishers, has raised $2.5 million in Series AS funding. Canaan Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Lool Ventures and Aleksander Totic. www.startafire.co"
" Edj Analytics, a Louisville, Ky.-based developer of provider of game-based data-driven decision support solutions, has raised $2.4 million in new VC funding led by Chrysalis Ventures. www.edjanalytics.co"
" Bivarus, a Durham, N.C.-based developer of patient experience analytics, has raised $2 million in new VC funding. Hatteras Venture Partners and return backer Excelerate Health Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by NueCura Partners and Boston Millennia Partners. www.bivarus.co"
" Ancor Capital Partners has acquired DuvaSawko, an Ormond Beach, Fla.-based revenue cycle and practice management company for emergency physician groups and hospital-based emergency departments. No financial terms were disclosed. Yukon Partners supported the deal with an equity co-investment and mezzanine financing. www.duvasawko.co"
" CapVest Partners has completed its previously-announced acquisition of IBA Molecular, a France-based provider of radiopharmaceutical products and supporting services used in molecular imaging, from SK Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.iba-molecular.co"
" Ergon Capital Partners has acquired Looping Group, a France-based theme park operator, from H.I.G. Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.looping-group.co"
" GI Partners has agreed to acquire Netsmart Technologies Inc., an Overland Park, Kansas-based healthcare IT company, from Genstar Capital. The deal is being done in partnership with Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (Nasdaq: MDRX), which will merge its homecare software group with Netsmart (creating a combined company with more than $250m in annual revenue). The deal is valued at around $950 million, of which $612 million is being financed via new leveraged loans. Read more"
" Medgate, a Toronto-based provider of environmental, health, safety and risk management SaaS solutions, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding. Norwest Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Georgian Partners and BMO Financial Group. www.medgate.co"
" Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Burlingame, Calif.-based developer of immuno-oncology therapies, raised $71 million in its IPO. The pre-revenue company priced 4.7 million shares at $15 per share (low end of $15-$17 range), for an initial market cap of around $306 million. Corvus will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol CRVS, while Credit Suisse and Cowen & Co. served as lead underwriters. Shareholders include OrbiMed Advisors (29.98% pre-IPO stake), Novo AS (15.84%), Adams Street Partners (15.84%) and Fidelity (8.18%). www.corvuspharma.co"
" Fosun International (HK: 656) is considering an IPO for Bermuda-based insurer Ironshore Inc., according to Bloomberg. Fosun last May paid $1.84 billion to acquire the 80% stake it didn’t already own in Ironshore. Read more"
" ABRY Partners is considering a sale of Language Line Services, a Monterey, Calif.-based provider of on-demand language interpretation services, according to Bloomberg. Language Line had pulled a proposed IPO in 2013, and last year refinanced its debt. ABRY paid $720 million to purchase the company in 2004. Read more"
" Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) has agreed to acquire Padlock Therapeutics Inc., a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of medicines to treat autoimmune diseases. The deal is valued at upwards of $600 million, including $225 million in upfront and near-term contingent milestone payments. In late 2014, Padlock raised $23 million in Series A funding at an $8.3million pre-money valuation from Atlas Venture, Johnson & Johnson Innovation, MS Ventures, and Index Ventures. www.padlocktherapeutics.co"
" Centerbridge Capital Partners has agreed to sell Carefree Communities Inc., a Southfield, Mich.-based owner and operator of motorhome and RV communities, to Sun Communities Inc. (NYSE: SUI) for approximately $1.68 billion. www.suncommunities.co"
" YTO Express, a Chinese delivery company backed by Alibaba Group, is planning to go public via a $2.7 billion reverse merger with Shanghai-listed clothing maker Dalian Dayang Trands Co. Read more"
" The Abraaj Group is targeting between $750 million and $1 billion for a new global private equity fund focused on renewable energy assets, according to Financial News. Read more"
" Apollo Global Management is targeting $750 million for a special situations fund, according to an SEC filing. Read more"
" Cherubic Ventures, an early-stage VC firm focused on the U.S. and Asia, is targeting $120 million for its new fund, according to TechCrunch. So far, it already has secured $80 million. Read more"
 IK Investment Partners has closed its first small-cap private equity fund with €277 million in capital commitments. www.ikinvest.co
" Credit Suisse said that a new cost-cutting plan will include the elimination of around 2,000 jobs in its global markets unit. Read more"
" Sarah-Marie Martin has agreed to join Goldman Sachs as a partner in the firm’s financial sponsors group, according to Bloomberg. She previously was with Credit Suisse. Read more"
" Larry Schloss has stepped down as president of Angelo, Gordon & Co., as first reported by Reuters. He previously had led investment activities for the New York City pension system and, before that, founded private equity firm Diamond Castle Holdings. Read more"
 Norihiro Takahashi has been named president of the Japanese Government Pension Investment Fund. Read more
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"When on-demand grocery delivery company Instacart raised $8.5 million in its first round of venture capital funding three years ago, it wasn't terribly surprising. After all, nearly every vertical was getting its own version of Uber. What turned heads, however, was the participation of Sequoia Capital partner Michael Moritz, who had once invested in grocery delivery flame-out Webvan (where he also sat on the board)."
"Moritz felt that Instacart was different from Webvan not only because it used in-store shoppers rather than expensive warehouses, but also because it had several secret ""levers"" it could eventually pull in order to achieve profitability."
"At the time, it felt a bit like someone trying to justify why he hadn't learned from past mistakes. But Moritz appears to have known what he was talking about."
"Instacart is now gross margin positive, meaning that it makes money on its average orders, according to on-the-record conversations with senior executives and a recent board document obtained by Fortune. This includes per order profits in 10 of its markets, including its two largest."
"To be sure, this is different from the company generating net income, but it is a major development given the conventional wisdom that on-demand startups like Instacart are doomed to burn cash until their VCs run out of patience."
"For more data and an in-depth explanation of how Instacart has flipped its script, please go here."
" Deal scoop: Earlier this year we discussed the formation of CAVU Venture Partners, a high-powered new firm focused on consumer packaged goods (which a particular emphasis on food and beverage). Now we've learned that the firm has invested at least $7 million into Health-Aide LLC, a Los Angeles-based maker of bottled Kombucha (for the uninitiated, it's a fermented tea product that is becoming very popular in the U.S.)"
"I'll have more about this deal soon on the website, but I wanted to share the founding story: Daina Trout was a nutritionist who, along with her husband and best friend, decided that they wanted to launch a startup. So they began hanging out in an LA-area entrepreneurs club to brainstorm ideas. As that was going on Daina kept making Kombucha from her own recipe, so they had something to drink while coming up with their business. Someone suggested that it was good enough to sell at a local farmer's market. It didn't take too many sold-out visits before the trio realized that their idea was right under their nose (kind of literally)."
"Health-Aide, which previously raised capital from First Beverage Group, now has product in over 3,000 stores in 42 states, including around half of the Whole Foods regional markets. But it basically can't keep up with demand, which is why the new money will be used to build a new manufacturing facility in Torrance, California."
"""They're basically out of stock wherever they go, and could probably sell five times more if they had enough capacity,"" says CAVU partner Rohan Oza."
" Hey founders: There is one spot remaining to pitch at the  VCIC  Finals, which take place on April 8-9 in Chapel Hill. This is a global competition in which teams of biz schoolers form ""VC partnerships."" They get pitched by real entrepreneurs, conduct due diligence, draw up term sheets for their desired investment, negotiate and then get grilled by judges (most of whom are real-life VCs, plus yours truly)"
"I cannot stress enough how valuable an opportunity this is for entrepreneurs who don't have much experience marketing your startup to VCs. No pressure, but tons of feedback and practice due diligence. Plus a chance to mingle with VCs from such firms as DFJ, Foundry Group, Jump Capital, Citi Ventures, Silver Lake Kraftwerk, etc. If you'd like that last spot, please email UNC's Patrick Vernon."
" Yum Brands Inc. (NYSE: YUM) has held talks to sell a minority stake in its Chinese operations ahead of a spin-out of the unit, which could be valued at around $10 billion, according to Reuters. Suitors include KKR and Hopu Investments. Read more"
" Mesosphere, a San Francisco-based provider of data center software, has raised $73.5 million in new VC funding. HP Enterprise led the round, and was joined by Microsoft, A Capital, Triangle Peak Partners and return backers Andreessen Horowitz, Khosla Ventures, and Fuel Capital. Read more"
" Iterum Therapeutics Ltd., an Ireland-based developer of anti-infectives, has been formed via $40 million in Series A funding. Frazier Healthcare Ventures led the round, and was joined by Canaan Partners, Sofinnova Ventures and New Leaf Venture Partners. www.iterumtx.co"
" LifeBEAM, a New York-based developer of biosensor-enabled wearables, has raised $16 million in new VC funding. Squarepeg Capital led the round, and was joined by Wellborn VC, Cerca Partners, Atomic14 VC and Triventures VC. www.life-beam.co"
" HG Data, a Santa Barbara, Calif.-based provider for ""competitive intelligence on installed technologies,” has raised $12 million in Series B funding. Updata Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Rincon Venture Partners and Epic Ventures. www.hgdata.co"
" Visionary VR, a Los Angeles-based developer of VR story creation software, has raised $6 million in Series A funding. DFJ led the round, and was joined by Greycroft Partners, The Venture Reality Fund, BDMI, Vayner-RSE, End Cue and individual angels. www.visionaryvr.co"
" Zodiac, a New York-based developer of predictive analytics for forecasting individual customer lifetime value, has raised $3 million in seed funding. First Round Capital led the round, and was joined by Metamorphic Ventures. www.zodiacmetrics.co"
" ACG Capital has agreed to acquire H-VMI, a European auto connectivity business, from H.I.G. Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. H-VMI was formed in 2009 following H.I.G.’s partial acquisition of Molex Group’s auto connectivity group. www.higcapital.co"
" Apax Partners has agreed to acquire InfoVista SA, a French provider of network management software, from Thoma Bravo. No financial terms were disclosed. www.infovista.co"
 Black Diamond Capital Management has agreed to acquire three U.S. long carbon steel mills and related facilities from ArcelorMittal. No financial terms were disclosed. www.arcelormittal.co
" The Carlyle Group has agreed to acquire a majority stake in New York-based wholesale insurance broker JenCap Holdings LLC and the assets of San Francisco-based Wholesale Trading Co-Op Insurance Services, which will be re-named Wholesale Trading Insurance Services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.carlyle.co"
" LakePharma Inc., a Belmont, Calif.-based provider of biologics contract research organization solutions, has acquired Blue Sky BioServices, a Worcester, Mass.-based CRO focused on protein and antibody production and assay services. No financial terms were disclosed, except that existing Blue Sky backer Ampersand Capital Partners made a new investment into LakeStar. www.blueskybioservices.co"
" Metasource, a Bristol, Penn.-based portfolio company of LaSalle Capital, has acquired Titan Lenders Corp., a Denver-based provider of tech-enabled mortgage compliance services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.metasource.co"
" Oak Hill Capital Partners has agreed to acquire a majority stake in FirstLight Fiber, a provider of fiber-optic bandwidth infrastructure services in New York and northern New England, from Riverside Partners (which will retain a minority position). No financial terms were disclosed. www.firstlight.ne"
" Trivergance LLC, Falcon Investment Advisors and Landon Capital Partners have partnered to acquire Clarus Commerce, a Rocky Hill, Conn.-based provider of a membership and benefit management technology, from Norwest Venture Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.claruscommerce.co"
" Chinh Chu, the longtime Blackstone Group deal-maker who left the firm last year, is prepping a blank check acquisition company that could seek upwards of $1 billion in an IPO, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Wayne Farms Inc., an Oakwood, Ga.-based producer and processor of broiler chickens, has formally withdrawn registration for an IPO that was designed to raise around $250 million at a $1 billion valuation. It had filed for the offering in March 2015, but postponed the offering last summer. Citigroup and BMO Capital Markets had been serving as lead underwriters. Wayne Farms is currently owned by Continental Grain Company. www.waynefarms.co"
" ENN (HK: 2688) has agreed to acquire a A$750 million stake in Australian gas producer Santos (ASX: STO) from private equity firm Hony Capital, which would make China’s ENN the largest shareholder in Santos. Read more"
" The Riverside Company has agreed to sell Diatron Group, a Budapest-based maker of compact hematology analyzers for the human medical and veterinary markets, to Germany’s Stratec Biomedical AG. No financial terms were disclosed. www.riversidecompany.co"
" Softbank Corp. (Tokyo: 9984) has agreed to invest $250 million for a 5% stake in talent agency WME/IMG, a portfolio company of Silver Lake. Read more"
" TransCanada Corp. (TSX: TRP) has retained JPMorgan Chase to seek buyers for more than $7 billion in assets, including its U.S. northeast merchant power plants and a minority stake in its Mexican natural gas pipelines, according to Bloomberg. The move is designed to help finance TransCanada’s planned acquisition of Columbia Pipeline Group. Read more"
" Endeavour Vision, a Swiss venture capital and growth equity firm, has closed a new medtech-focused fund with €250 million in capital commitments. www.endeavourvision.co"
" Falfurrias Capital Partners, a Charlotte-based private equity firm focused on the lower middle-markets, is targeting upwards of $225 million for its third fund, according to a regulatory filing. It already has secured more than $93 million. www.falfurriascapital.co"
" Frazier Healthcare Partners, a Seattle-based VC and private equity firm focused on life sciences, has raised $525 million for its first dedicated growth buyout fund. www.frazierhealthcare.co"
" Merit Capital Partners of Chicago is targeting upwards of $600 million for its sixth mezzanine fund, according to an SEC filing. www.meritcapital.co"
" True Ventures is targeting upwards of $295 million for its fifth fund, according to a regulatory filing. It had closed its fourth fund with $290 million in 2014. www.trueventures.co"
 Cotton Creek Capital has promoted Lee Rash to director. He joined the Texas-based private equity firm in 2012 from The Blackstone Group. www.cottoncreekcapital.co
" David Zwiener, the former interim CEO of PartnerRe, has joined The Carlyle Group as an operating partner in the firm’s global financial services team. www.carlyle.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The sky is gray, the markets are closed and 2015 GDP has been revised to 2.4%. In other words, it's time for some Friday Feedback..."
"First up are some emails on yesterday's discussion of Instacart. Mark: ""I don't know whether Instacart is a good business or a bad one. But since when is 'gross margin positive a sign of a good company? I've never invested in a company that's not 'seriously gross margin positive.' How could anybody ever consider a company that is gross margin negative (or zero) because that means you're losing money on every single customer (or in other words - you are paying customers to take your product)."""
"JT in a similar vein: ""If all companies did their profitability calculations this way then everyone would be profitable."""
"Liam: ""Obviously it would be better for Instacart if its overall business was profitable but I'm surprised to see all of the Twitter criticism of your story. There had been reports that Instacart was losing lots of money on every order, which your story debunked. And most VC-backed businesses are unprofitable, sometimes even after going public. Considering what it is that Instacart actually does ― it's a physical services company, not a software company ― achieving gross margin profitability is an important accomplishment."""
"Drew: ""Regarding Instacart and similar services - it's about building and maintaining route density to create sustainable logistics and operational efficiency, the economy staying strong, an ability to deal with the potential of unionization of the delivery people and wages + benefits paid being and staying competitive to maintain and grow the workforce in a quality manner versus derelicts off the street. All must be properly screened and this does not always happen."""
" Chris on Staples vs. FTC: ""Rather than writing that 'it's highly unusual to beat the FTC,' wouldn't it be more accurate to say it's highly unusual to decide to fight the FTC in court? Beating them in court is not highly unusual, even if the odds are somewhat against you. The federal judiciary has lots of conservative jurists skeptical of FTC's view on antitrust. Whole Foods fought (Wild Oats) and gained ground in a settlement (even if they didn't win a verdict)."
" I also received a lot of email about the Mike Goguen situation. LS: ""While I want to applaud Sequoia for firing Goguen on the spot, I don't exactly understand their reasoning. If he really agreed to the original settlement because he was being extorted, then it seems unfair to fire him for not disclosing to his partners that he had agreed to a settlement under that sort of duress. That's the point of extortion. If they actually fired him because they believe the other allegations, however, then come out and say so. Maybe their real problem is that they can't quite admit to themselves that the accusations are legitimate, because that would reflect very poorly on their own ability to assess character, or on what they decided to ignore."
"Adam: ""I think it is unfair to state Goguen 'Clearly…has broader troubles with fidelity.' It is entirely possible seeing, dating, and/or being sexually involved with other people was something he and his spouses discussed and agreed upon in some way, shape or form. While that probably isn’t the case in the majority of marriages, I am not sure there is incontrovertible evidence available to the public that this was the case here."""
"JL: ""Baptiste is to be blamed as much as Goguen. If she was sexually and physically abused by Goguen, why was she still with him for 13 years and hasn't said a word until now? If she was afraid to do something about it why isn't she afraid anymore?"" [This one really bothered me, but similar sentiments were shared by others. So I present it as a reflection of some reader views, but with this brief editorial note.]"
" Gametime: Half of the Elite 8 has been determined, and we have a new leader in our March Madness contest: Bryan Goettel, director of marketing and communications at Chicago-based fintech startup Supernova Cos. Unfortunately for Bryan, he picked Michigan State as his ultimate champion, so this is likely to be one of those fleeting victory sort of things.."
 Have a great weekend..
" Snapchat has agreed to acquire Bitstrips, the Toronto-based maker of customized emojis called ""bitmojis,"" as first reported last night by Fortune. One source puts the deal ""in the ballpark"" of $100 million in cash and stock. Bitstrips had raised around $11 million in venture capital funding from firms like Horizons Ventures and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. Read more"
" June, a maker of “intelligent countertop ovens,” has raised $22.5 million in Series A funding. Eclipse Ventures led the round, and was joined by Sound Ventures, Vaizra Investments, Promus Ventures, Lumia Capital and return backers Foundry Group, First Round Capital and Lerer Hippeau Ventures. The company plans to begin shipping product by the 2016 holiday season. www.juneoven.co"
" EndoStim Inc., a St. Louis-based maker of a neurostimulation device for treating gastroesophageal reflux disease, has raised $11 million of a new VC funding round that could total $20 million, according to a regulatory filing. Last December the company withdrew registration for a $35 million IPO that it filed for in September 2014 due to ""market conditions."" Shareholders include Sante Ventures (35.4% stake per IPO filings) and Prolog Capital (5.7%). www.endostim.co"
" Kreditech, a German provider of credit and digital banking products to underbanked consumers, has raised €10 million from the International Finance Corp. It previously raised over $150 million from firms like J.C. Flowers, Amadeus Capital Partners, Varde Partners, HPE Growth Capital and Blumberg Ventures. www.kreditech.co"
" Zeel Networks Inc., a New York-based provider of on-demand massages, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Emil Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by New Atlantic Ventures, Slow Ventures, Partech Ventures and Spafinder. Read more"
" TravelerCar, a French P2P car-sharing company, has raised €5 million in new VC funding from MAIR Avenir. Read more"
" OneRent, a San Jose, Calif.-based residential rental and property management service, has raised $4 million in Series A funding from RenRen Inc. (NYSE: RENN). www.onerent.co"
" CiValue, an Israel-based provider of a customer analytics and personalization cloud platform for grocery, health and beauty retailers, has raised $2.4 million in seed funding from Nielsen Innovate, Mac Fund and Deutsche Telekom. www.civalue.co"
" FLYR, a San Francisco-based travel and data science company, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from JetBlue Technology Ventures (making this the corporate VC group’s first investment). www.flyrlabs.co"
" Invo HealthCare Holdings, a Jamison, Penn.-based portfolio company of Post Capital Partners, has acquired Progressus Therapy LLC, a Tampa, Fla.-based provider of school-based therapy and early intervention services. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Sterling Partners. www.invohealthcare.co"
" Klox Technologies Inc., a Quebec-based drug company focused on developing treatments for skin and soft tissue disorders, has withdrawn registration for an IPO designed to have raised upwards of $72 million at an initial market cap of more than $350 million. UBS was serving as lead underwriter. www.kloxtechnologies.co"
" Ebates, a San Francisco-based subsidiary of Rakuten (Tokyo: 4755), has acquired Shopular, a Redwood City, Calif.-based mobile product discovery app. No financial terms were disclosed. Shopular had raised around $7.2 million in VC funding from groups like Foundation Capital, Sequoia Capital and Y Combinator. www.shopular.co"
" Olapic, a New York-based startup that helps brands leverage user-generated images, has acquired Piqora, a San Mateo, Calif.-based visual marketing and visual commerce platform for marketers and publishers. No financial terms were disclosed. Olapic has raised around $22 million in VC funding from firms like Felix Capital, Unilever Ventures, Fung Capital and Longworth Venture Partners. Piqora had raised around $11 million from firms like DFJ, Altos Ventures, Baseline Ventures and Freestyle Capital. www.olapic.co"
" Playboy Enterprises has hired Moelis & Co. to explore a possible sale, according to the WSJ. The publisher has been controlled by private equity firm Rizvi Traverse Management since 2011, with Hugh Hefner owning a minority stake. Read more"
" Yokohama Rubber Co. (Tokyo: 5101) has agreed to acquire Alliance Tire Group BV, a Dutch tire maker, for around $1.2 billion from an investor group led by KKR. Read more"
" Rovi Corp. (Nasdaq: ROVI) is in talks to acquire Tivo (Nasdaq: TIVO), according to the NY Times. Read more"
" Forté Ventures, an Atlanta-based VC firm, is raising upwards of $75 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.forteventures.co"
" Karin Klein, a partner with VC firm Bloomberg Beta, has been named to the board of real estate firm Paramount Group (NYSE: PGRE). www.paramount-group.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Just a few quick notes to kick off your Monday:
" IPO wasteland: There are still a few days left in Q1 2015, but we already know that the quarter will not have hosted a single technology IPO. It also will be bereft of any traditional private equity-backed IPOs"
"Overall, 11 companies have priced offerings on U.S. exchanges in Q1, all of which either were biotechs (including Editas, which has nearly doubled from its $16 per share price) or special purpose acquisition companies (including Silver Run, whose backing from Riverstone slightly complicates the 'no PE-backed IPOs' statement). One more company ― Sensus Healthcare ― may price before the quarter officially ends on Thursday."
" New firm alert: Tom Ball, a longtime general partner with Austin Ventures (RIP), has teamed with Mike Smerklo (ex-CEO of ServiceSource) to form Next Coast Ventures, a new early-stage firm that is raising $50 million for its debut fund. Expect the firm to focus on, but not be limited to, startups in the Austin area"
"You might recall that Ball originally had partnered with two other former AV partners to raise $150 million for something called Outset Ventures, but the group fell apart just before hard circling its first close. Ball's more recent deals have included RetailMeNot and SilverCar, while Smerklo currently sits on the board of listed SPS Commerce."
" Job listings: SEC chair Mary Jo White appeared before a House subcommittee last week to discuss her agency's FY 2017 budget request. Included in her testimony was a request to hire 127 additional examiners, ""primarily to conduct additional examinations of investment advisers."
" Gametime: We're down to the Final Four, and have yet another new leader: It's Jon Curtis, who has Villanova topping UNC in his final game (unfortunately I'm not sure who Jon is... hey Jon, drop me a note). In second place right now is Zack Norris, a Denver-based VP with Silicon Valley Bank, who has Oklahoma winning it all (albeit against the dear-departed UVA). Continued good luck to all.."
----------------------------
"In memoriam: Brenda Gavin, a founding partner of Philadelphia-based venture firm Quaker Partners, has passed away at the age of 67. She had helped form Quaker after previously serving as president of S.R. One (the VC arm of GlaxoSmithKline) and as a general partner with EuclidSR Partners."
Brenda is survived by her husband Laurence and son Zachary. Donations in her memory may be made to the Overbrook Presbyterian Church or to The Philadelphia Zoo.
Rest in peace Brenda.
" Dell Inc. has agreed to sell the technology services business previously known as Perot Systems to NTT Data Corp., a unit of Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp., for $3.055 billion. Dell, which paid $3.9 billion for Perot Systems in 2009, is backed by Silver Lake. Read more"
" Katerra Inc., a Menlo Park, Calif.-based provider of design services to the construction industry, has increased its first-round of funding to $75 million, according to a regulatory filing. It could still expand to $85 million. The Michael Marks-founded company announced $51 million raised in January, from backers like Foxconn at around a $450 million pre-money valuation. Board members include Jim Davidson of Silver Lake. • "">www.katerra.co"
" Bromium Inc., a Cupertino, Calif.-based provider of endpoint protection using virtualization, has raised $40 million in new equity and debt funding. Return backers included Andreessen Horowitz, Ignition Partners, Highland Capital Partners, Intel Capital, Lightspeed Venture Partners and Meritech Capital Partners. Silver Lake Waterman also participated. According to Pitchbook, the deal was done at a $200 million pre-money valuation, compared to a $452 million pre-money valuation on Bromium’s Series C round in late 2013. www.bromium.co"
" Venus Medtech, a Chinese developer of percutaneous medicle devices, has raised $37 million in new equity funding from Goldman Sachs. Existing shareholders include Qiming Venture Partners and DiNova Venture Capital"
" Emulate Inc., a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of an automated human bioemulation platform, has raised $28.75 million in Series B funding. Backers Hansjörg Wyss, NanoDimension, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, OS Fund, Atel Ventures and ALS Finding a Cure. www.emulatebio.co"
" Maxwell Health, a Boston-based HR platform for managing benefits and promoting employee health, has secured $22 million of a round that could total $35 million, according to a regulatory filing. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America, Sun Life Financial and Cendana Capital were joined by return backers Adams Street Partners, Cambia Health Solutions, Catalyst Health Ventures, Industry Ventures, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, Schooner Capital, Tribeca Venture Partners and Vaizra Investments. Read more"
" RevUp Software, a Redwood City, Calif.-based provider of data analytics SaaS solutions for nonprofits, academic institutions and political organizations, has raised more than $5 million in seed funding. Backers include Greylock Partners, Sean Parker, Omidyar Network, Salesforce Ventures, Evan Goldberg, Drew Perkins and Valley Fund. www.revup.co"
" And Co., a New York-based “smart back office for freelancers,” has raised $2.5 million in funding, according to a regulatory filing. No investors were identified. www.and.c"
" GTCR has agreed to acquire Vector Laboratories, a Burlingame, Calif.-based developer of labeling and detection systems for biologics, according to an FTC filing. www.vectorlabs.co"
" Regina Maria, a Romania-based hospital and surgical center operator backed by Mid Europa Partners, has acquired Ponderas Hospital, a Bucharest medical facility focused on metabolic and bariatric surgery. No financial terms were disclosed. www.reginamaria.r"
 There is no IPO news this morning
 No exit news this morning
" Banca Popolare di Milano (BIT: PMI) and Banco Popolare (BIT: BP) have agreed to merge, in a deal that would create an Italian bank with around €170 billion in assets under management. Read more"
" Qlik Technologies (Nasdaq: QLIK), a Radnor, Penn.-based provider of business intelligence solutions that has a current market cap of nearly $2.5 billion, has hired Morgan Stanley to begin exploring strategic alternatives, including a possible sale, according to Reuters. The move comes after Elliott Associates recently amassed an 8.8% stake in Qlik, and said that company should be acquired by a larger rival. Read more"
 Sinochem International (SHSE: 600500) has offered to acquire Singapore-based rubber trading firm Halcyon Agri (SGX: 5VJ)for approximately $328.4 million. Read more
" Veracyte Inc. (Nasdaq: VCYT) has secured up to $45 million in new financing, including a term loan agreement and securities purchase option, with Visium Healthcare Partners. www.veracyte.co"
 Founders Fund has closed its sixth VC fund with $1.3 billion in capital commitments. www.foundersfund.co
" Granite Hill Capital Partners, a San Mateo, Calif.-based VC and growth equity firm focused on India-related opportunities, is targeting upwards of $75 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.granitehill.ne"
" Barbara Fox, former CEO of Avaxia Biologics, has joined Partners Innovation Fund as an entrepreneur-in-residence, according to her LinkedIn profile. www.innovation.partners.or"
" Ben Gray, TPG Capital’s head of Australia and co-head of Asia, is leaving the firm at year-end. According to a local media report, he plans to launch his own Australia-focused firm. The move would leave Tim Dattels as sole Asia head, while TPG has hired Joel Thickens (formerly with Champ Private Equity) as new Australia country head. www.tpg.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Andrew Caspersen, a senior private equity executive with PJT Partners, has been arrested and charged with attempting to defraud investors out of around $95 million. In addition to the criminal charges filed by Preet Bharara, the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Caspersen is the subject of a parallel civil complaint filed by the Securities & Exchange Commission."
"""To advance his $95 million fraud scheme, Caspersen allegedly put on a shameful charade—creating fake email addresses, setting up misleading domain names and inventing fictional financiers,"" Bharara said in a statement. ""When confronted by a suspicious client who had invested $25 million, Caspersen had no good answers."""
"Caspersen is a private equity veteran who spent the first nine years of his career at secondaries firm Coller Capital. In 2013 he joined Park Hill Group, a placement agent that was owned by The Blackstone Group, as a managing principal focused on secondary advisory activity. Last fall, Park Hill was included in Blackstone's spin-out of its M&A advisory business, which was renamed PJT Partners and led by former Morgan Stanley banker Paul Taubman."
"News of Caspersen's arrest caused PJT's stock to dip more than 12%, but the origins of his alleged fraud actually began while Park Hill was still part of The Blackstone Group."
"According to the complaints, Caspersen was worked on Park Hill's assignment for private equity firm Irving Place Capital Partners, when it sought to restructure a $2.7 billion fund that it had raised in 2006. The plan (as reported at the time by Fortune and others) was to create a stapled secondary, in which investors essentially buy out the existing portfolio and commit new capital for additional investments. That deal closed last summer, led by Caspersen's former colleagues at Coller Capital."
"A few months later, PJT spun out of The Blackstone Group. And this is where Caspersen allegedly transitioned from intermediary to grifter."
"According to the complaint, Caspersen in late October 2015 reached out to an individual who advises a charitable foundation, claiming to have an opportunity related to Irving Place's stapled secondary. He allegedly claimed that Coller had been concerned that it couldn't finance the entire deal on its own, and had set up an $80 million credit facility backed by the Irving Place portfolio assets—but only $30 million was spoken for. Moreover, Caspersen claimed that his own family office was among the investors."
"The individual agreed to invest $25 million—$24.6 million on behalf of his charity and $400,000 from his own personal account."
"But Coller had never authorized Caspersen to set up such a vehicle. Nor had Irving Place, which sources say was unaware of the entire situation until this past weekend."
"Just weeks later, Caspersen allegedly wired $17.61 million from the special purpose vehicle into his own brokerage account. He then wired another $8.1 million into a PJT-controlled bank account, ""for the purpose of covering up an earlier unauthorized wire transfer of the same amount Caspersen had diverted for his own use."""
"But Caspersen's personal investments didn't bear fruit, and earlier this month he began soliciting that same individual for another $20 million investment into the same deal. Caspersen claimed his family office was investing an additional $5 million. When the individual said that he wanted to speak directly to the special purpose vehicle's signatory at Coller Capital, Caspersen allegedly created an email address that the individual quickly sniffed out as a fake. Moreover, the individual called Coller and was told that no one with the signatory's name had ever worked there."
"As Caspersen's alleged fraud was being uncovered, he apparently tried a last-ditch attempt to reimburse the foundation by raising $50 million for the same ""deal"" from another institution, but it never came to fruition. Instead, he was charged with securities and wire fraud. As part of his bail package, Caspersen is required to seek treatment for alcohol abuse."
A few outstanding questions:
"1. There is no explanation in either lawsuit as to why Caspersen needed so much money. He was pulling in a salary in excess of $3.5 million per year from Park Hill, and comes from a wealthy family."
"2. We do not know the name of the foundation that was allegedly defrauded, but it's fairly unusual for there to be a charity that can simultaneously: (a) Be large enough to make a $25 million private equity investment, and (b) Be unsophisticated enough to not have an in-house alternative investment team. If you've got some info, please let me know via email, Confide or our anonymous tip line."
"3. We do not know the name of the individual who recommended the investment to the foundation, although the complaint says he works at a hedge fund. Clearly this individual may soon face his own lawsuit for breach of fiduciary duty. For example, he never checked to see if the signatory existed nor did he dig even a few inches into the SPV's relationship (or lack thereof) to Irving Place."
"4. Caspersen has a family history of alleged fraud. His father, Finn Caspersen, committed suicide as federal authorities were building a large case against him for tax evasion."
"5. The complaints do not include more information about the $8.1 million that Caspersen allegedly stole from PJT, but clearly the disclosure raises control concerns for the firm."
"PJT Partners late yesterday issued a lengthy statement which said, in part:"
"""We were stunned and outraged to learn of the fraudulent circumvention and violation of the Firm’s compliance policies and ethical standards by Andrew Caspersen, who was a member of the Secondaries Group at Park Hill since January 2013. Immediately upon learning of facts that suggested improper behavior, we commenced an internal investigation led by outside counsel, Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, and very quickly thereafter, brought the matter to the attention of the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Manhattan. Since that time we have cooperated fully with law enforcement, and we will continue to do so. We have terminated Mr. Caspersen for cause."
"A Blackstone Group spokeswoman said: "" We are appalled by the fraudulent actions of this former Park Hill employee. PJT and the authorities will have our full cooperation and assistance as they pursue this matter."""
"Coller's statement: ""At this stage, the firm has no reason to believe there was any wrongdoing by Mr. Caspersen during his time of employment with Coller. No accusations have been made against Coller Capital or any current member of the firm’s staff. Indeed, Coller's first knowledge of the matters under investigation by the US Attorney's Office was in late March 2016."""
Irving Place declined comment.
" Betterment, a New York-based ""robo-advisor,"" has raised $100 million in Series E funding at a $600 million pre-money valuation. Kinnevik led the round, and was joined by return backers Bessemer Venture Partners, Anthemis Group, Menlo Ventures and Francisco Partners. Read more"
" LeSports, a Chinese digital eco-sports company that operates as an independently-funded subsidiary of LeEco, has raised $1.2 billion in Series B funding at a $2.1 billion pre-money valuation. HNA Group led the round, and was joined by Sun Honglei, Jia Nailiang and Liu Tao. The company previously raised a $123 million Series A round from Wanda Group and Yunfeng Capital. Read more. www.letv.co"
" Figtree Financing, a San Diego-based residential financing program for cleantech products, has raised $30 million in Series A funding led by LL Funds. www.figtreefinancing.co"
" Rythm, a French developer of a headset for improving sleep quality, has raised around $11 million in new VC and public grant funding. Read more"
" Gadeta BV, a Dutch developer of cancer immunotherapies based on gamma delta T cell receptors, has raised €7 million in Series A funding. Baxalta Ventures and Medicxi Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by Utrecht Holdings. www.gadeta.n"
" Havenly, a Denver-based online interior design platform, has raised $5.8 million in Series A funding. Binary Capital led the round, and was joined by Foundry Group and Chicago Ventures. Read more"
" Raden, a New York-based developer of Bluetooth-enabled luggage, has raised $3.4 million in seed funding. First Round Capital and Lerer Hippeau Venture co-led the round, and were joined by Pritzker Group, Flybridge Capital Partners and individual angels. Read more"
" Umbo CV, a security camera startup with offices in Taipei and San Francisco, has raised $2.8 million in seed funding. AppWorks Ventures led the round, and was joined by Mesh Ventures, Wistron Corp. and Phison Electronics. www.umbocv.co"
" Pyze, a Redwood City, Calif.-based mobile business intelligence startup, has raised $1.7 million in seed funding co-led by John Chisholm Ventures and DoubleRock. www.pyze.co"
" Advent International has agreed to acquire a majority ownership stake in ATI Physical Therapy, a Bolingbrook, Ill.-based outpatient physical therapy provider, from KRG Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.atipt.co"
 Affinity Equity Partners has acquired the general practitioner practice management software unit of Primary Health Care (ASX: PRY) for A$155 million. Read more
 Anbang Insurance of China has increased its takeover offer for Starwood Hotels & Resorts (NYSE:HOT) to around $14 billion. Other members of the Anbang consortium include J.C. Flowers and Primavera Capital. Rival Marriott International (Nasdaq: MAR) is sticking with its $13.5 billion bid. Read more
" APE Companies, a Deer Park, Texas-based portfolio company of Ridgemont Equity Partners, has acquired Corrosion Specialties Inc., a Duluth, Ga.-based distributor of corrosion control equipment and consumable products to the transportation, manufacturing, and energy industries. No financial terms were disclosed. www.apecompanies.co"
" eBay Enterprise Marketing Solutions, a portfolio company of Banneker Partners and Permira, has sold its studio unit (including facilities in New York, Louisville and King of Prussia, Penn.) to Industrial Color Brands. No financial terms were disclosed. Industrial Color Brands shareholders include GarMark Partners and Stone Canyon. www.industrialcolor.co"
" Grey Mountain Partners has recapitalized existing portfolio company Binswanger Enterprises, a Memphis, Tenn.-based installer and retailer of architectural glass and aluminum products. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Yukon Partners provided mezzanine financing. www.binswangerglass.co"
" Hastings Equity Partners has acquired Cactus Fuel LLC, a Midland, Texas-based distributor of fuel and lubricants to upstream and midstream customers in the Permain Basin. No financial terms were disclosed. www.hastingsequity.co"
" I Squared Capital has agreed to acquire Viridian Group Holdings Ltd., an Ireland-based provider of gas and electricity, from Arcapita. No financial terms were disclosed, but various media reports value the deal at around €1 billion. Read more"
" Perky Jerky, a Greenwood Village, Colo.-based maker of ultra-premium beef and turkey meat snacks, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Sunrise Strategic Partners. www.perkyjerky.co"
" The Riverside Company has acquired a minority equity stake in Bentley Laboratories LLC, an Edison, N.J.-based company focused on the formulation and outsourced manufacturing of products for the beauty and OTC pharmaceutical industries. No financial terms were disclosed. www.bentleylabs.co"
" Silverfleet Capital has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Coventya, a Paris-based maker of specialty chemicals used for surface treatment, from Equistone Partners Europe. No financial terms were disclosed. www.coventya.f"
" Aeglea BioTherapeutics Inc., an Austin, Texas-based developer of treatments for inborn errors of metabolism and therapies targeting tumor metabolism, has set its IPO terms to 3.5 million shares at between $16 and $18 per share. It would have a fully diluted market value of around $203 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The pre-revenue company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol AGLE, with Cowen & Co., UBS and BMO Capital Markets serving as lead underwriters. Shareholders include Lilly Ventures (26.3% pre-IPO stake), Novartis Bioventures (25.6%), OrbiMed Advisors (7.1%) and Jennison Associates (5.7%), UT Horizon Fund, Venrock, RA Capital Management, Rock Springs Capital, Ally Bridge Group and Cowen Investments. www.aegleabio.co"
" Forterra, a British brick-maker owned by Lone Star Funds, said that it plans to list in London next month. Read more"
" Leejam Sports Co., a Saudi Arabia-based owner of the Fitness Time gym chain, is prepping an IPO, according to Bloomberg. The company is backed by Investcorp, and could seek upwards of $267 million in exchange for a 30% float. Read more"
 No exit news this morning
" Affymetrix (Nasdaq: AFFX), a Santa Clara, Calif.-based maker of molecular diagnostics equipment, is sticking with a $1.3 billion (or $14 per share) takeover offer from Thermo Fisher Scientific (NYSE: TMO), despite a $17 per share offer from a group of former executives and SummitView Capital (which has since been withdrawn). Read more"
" Virgin America (Nasdaq: VA) has received takeover offers from JetBlue Airways Corp. (Nasdaq: JBLU) and Alaska Air Group Inc. (NYSE: ALK), according to Reuters. Read more"
 No firm or fund news this morning
" Neal Hansch has quietly been named the new CEO and managing partner of Sherpa Foundry, a San Francisco-based group that helps bridge the digital divide between older companies and tech startups. He succeeds founding CEO Tina Sharkey, who will remain as a Sherpa Foundry partner and CEO of a stealth consumer startup called Dhosi. Hansch has spent the past two years as managing director of an incubator program affiliated with the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology. Read more"
" Chris Buckman has joined EnerTech Capital as a vice president. He previously was VP of business development with Moore Pipe and, before that, served in various executive positions with Ignite Energy Services. www.enertechcapital.co"
" Timothy Leland has joined Eyecare Partners, a portfolio company of FFL Partners, as director of corporate development. He previously was a managing director with Twain Financial Partners and, before that, with TGP Investments"
 Mike Majors has joined Boston-based VC firm Data Point Capital as a managing partner. He previously led the Industry of the Future Fund for Siemens Venture Capital. www.datapointcapital.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from the home office. Sorry I'm a bit late, but there was lots to get to this morning:"
" Caspersen caper: After Term Sheet was published yesterday, the charitable foundation allegedly ripped off by former PJT Partners exec Andrew Caspersen outed itself: It's The Moore Charitable Foundation, a $189 million group focused on environmental conservation efforts, and founded by hedge fund manager Louis Bacon. It is unclear if the unidentified ""hedge fund manager"" who sourced the deal and personally invested/lost $400,000 is an employee of Bacon's Moore Capital Management organization"
"My initial thought upon hearing about this alleged con was that it might strengthen due diligence controls within a private equity world that relies more on trust than any other mature asset class. But that didn't seem to happen after the Canopy Financial fraud, or the legal spat between General Atlantic and Autonomy. Let alone the Ifty Ahmed situation. So I think this will ultimately go down as a cautionary tale that the industry misinterprets as an opportunity to gossip and rubberneck."
" Look ma, I'm on TV: Speaking of Caspersen, I was interviewed for a Good Morning America segment that aired earlier today. You can view it by going here. And in other ""look ma, I'm on TV"" news, last night I appeared on WGBH's Greater Boston program to discuss everything from DraftKings to Apple/FBI to GE's apparent rent-free move to Boston (alongside ex-Mass. AG Martha Coakley and one of the attorneys who prosecuted Whitey Bulger). Here's the video"
" Screaming Streaming: Today's big deal is that Spotify has agreed to raise around $1 billion in a convertible debt deal with TPG, Dragoneer and Goldman Sachs clients. A couple quick thoughts"
"(1) This clearly is a reflection of Spotify's inability to raise new equity at a premium (or at least a substantial premium) to its most recent valuation of $8.5 billion. If it had been able to do so, then the dilution would have been more palatable than a convertible deal that contains some pretty terms."
"(2) That said, the lenders don't do this deal if they believe Spotify is ultimately going to lose value. Protecting downside is not the same as projecting downside."
"(3) While I'm skeptical that Spotify will be able to raise an equity up-round -- particularly in this environment -- it is worth noting that this deal isn't too different from what Uber did in late 2014, and clearly that wasn't the company's valuation peak."
 It's official: Last October we reported that KKR was raising its first-ever growth equity fund focused on the technology sector. Some related SEC filings popped up this morning indicating that it is called the KKR Next Generation Technology Growth Fund
" Litigation update: CVC Capital Partners last night responded to a January lawsuit brought by former investor relations exec Lisa Lee (now with Providence Equity), which alleged such things as inappropriate ""fondling"" by a senior executive, violations of the Family Leave Act and retaliation for reporting such behaviors"
"In short, CVC denies all the charges ― particularly the more lurid ones and anything about how Lee's maternity leave impacted her job responsibilities. What's interesting, however, is that CVC acknowledges that it denied her around $10 million in equity-based compensation because she took a job at a competing private equity firm within two years after leaving, even though she was terminated as part of what CVC claims was a broader restructuring. Never before heard of an enforceable non-compete that covers a person who was fired, as opposed to quit (HR folks and lawyers, help me out here)."
"It's also worth noting that CVC disputes Lee's claim that the firm has no female senior managing directors, although she seems to be backed up by a viewing of CVC's own website. Also notable that CVC claims that it had decided to terminate Lee more than a month before informing her of the decision."
"More on this later today on the website, as I'm able to read the CVC response a bit more deeply."
" Another litigation update: A personal injury attorney has filed an attorney's lien against Amber Baptiste, in the case that she wins damages in her breach of contract lawsuit against former Sequoia Capital partner Michael Goguen"
" Sorry: Yes, I know that Term Sheet is beginning to look like a legal newsletter"
" Deal update: Last Thursday we reported that Snapchat had agreed to buy BitStrips, the Canadian maker of ""bitmojis."" A source familiar with the situation says that the deal is now closed"
" VC fundraise go boom: There has been a lot of talk in the past week about the recent burst in venture capital fundraising, highlighted by a front-page story in today's WSJ. Not terribly surprising given that many of the largest VC firms are now on similar fundraising cycles, in part due to increased deal activity in 2014-2015 (which is driving LPs nuts)"
"Two contradictory thoughts on this: (1) These numbers might be overstated, given the inclusion of many ""opportunity"" funds that are unlikely to be fully called. (2) These numbers might be understated, in that they don't include the increase in corporate VC or crossover fund participation."
" Spotify has agreed to raise around $1 billion in new convertible debt financing from TPG Capital, Dragoneer Investments and high-net-worth clients of Goldman Sachs The deal was first reported by the WSJ, and includes a 20% conversion discount the the company's IPO price (assuming the IPO is within a year -- getting 2.5% deeper with successive 6-month periods). Read more"
" Zavante Therapeutics, a San Diego-based developer of antibiotics, has raised $45 million in Series A funding (including the conversion of $10m in outstanding notes). Frazier Healthcare Partners and Longitude Capital co-led the round, and were joined by Aisling Capital. Read more"
" Wanliyun Medical Information Technology, a Chinese developer of cloud-based big data medical imaging platforms, has raised around $35 million in new funding led by the healthcare unit of Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA). Read more"
" Invoca, a Santa Barbara, Calif.-based provider of call intelligence solutions, has raised $30 million in Series D funding. Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Accel, Upfront Ventures, Rincon Venture Partners, Salesforce Ventures and Stepstone Group. Read more"
" Beamr, an Israel-based provider of image and video optimization products, has raised $15 million in new VC funding. Disruptive Growth led the round, and was joined by return backers Marker LLC and Innovation Endeavors. In related news, the company agreed to acquire Palo Alto, Calif.-based encoding company Vanguard Video for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
" Frichti, a French prepared meal and recipe box delivery service, has raised €12 million in new VC funding. Idinvest was joined by return backer Alven Capital and individual angels. Read more"
" MapD, a San Francisco-based startup that helps companies process large data streams in real-time, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Backers include Verizon Ventures, Google Ventures, Vanedge Capital and Nvidia. Read more"
" ClearInk, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based developer of reflective display technology for electronic shelf labels, wearables and mobile devices, has raised around $7 million in second-round funding (with plans to add another $6m within the next four months). Backers include Jinfu, LangSheng Capital, NEY, Altus Ventures and CrossPacific Capital. www.clearinkdisplays.co"
" 6 River Systems Inc., a Boston-based startup focused on fulfillment automation for e-commerce and retail operations, has raised $6 million in seed funding. Eclipse Ventures led the round, and was joined by iRobot. www.6river.co"
" Bluefin Payment Systems, an Atlanta-based provider of point-to-point encryption solutions for payments, has raised $6 million in growth equity funding co-led by Napier Park and Camden Partners. www.bluefin.co"
" Data Artisans, a German developer of software to analyze and process high-volume data streams, has raised €5.5 million in new VC funding. Intel Capital led the round, and was joined by Tengelmann Ventures and return backer B-to-V Partners. www.data-artisans.co"
" Lesson.ly, an Indianapolis-based developer of learning automation software, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. OpenView Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by High Alpha Capital and Allos Ventures. www.lesson.l"
" Slice Labs Inc., a New York-based on-demand insurance platform for the on-demand market, has raised $3.9 million in seed funding co-led by Horizons Ventures and XL Innovate. www.slice.i"
" PanTheryx Inc., a Boulder, Colo.-based maker of medical nutrition products, has raised $53 million in new financing from Pegasus Capital Advisors. www.pantheryx.co"
" Trive Capital has sponsored a recapitalization of Iowa Northern Railway Co., a Cedar Rapids, Iowa-based short-line railroad operating around 250 miles of track. No financial terms were disclosed. www.iowanorthern.co"
 No IPO news this morning
" Brocade Communications (Nasdaq: BRCD) has acquired StackStorm, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based provider of operations automation solutions, for an undisclosed amount. StackStorm had raised a small amount of VC funding from firms like Engineering Capital, Finaves, Sand Hill East Ventures and X/Seed Capital. Read more"
" Guidewire Software Inc. (NYSE: GWRE) has agreed to acquire EagleEye Analytics, a Columbia, S.C.-based provider of SaaS-based predictive analytics for property and casualty insurers, for $42 million in cash. Sellers include FirstMark Capital. www.guidewire.co"
 KKR has agreed to sell French fashion group SMCP to China’s Shandong Ruyi for approximately €1.3 billion. Read more
" KKR has agreed to sell its stake in Scout24 Schweiz, a Swiss online real estate marketplace, to Swiss Mobiliar. No financial terms were disclosed. www.kkr.co"
"eBay (Nasdaq: EBAY) has acquired Cargigi, a provider of online advertising services for car dealerships. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Foxconn has finalized its deal to acquire a majority stake in Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp. (Tokyo: 6753), but for around $900 million less than its original offer. Read more"
" Metro Group (DB: MEO), a German retailer that last year sold department store chain Galeria Kaufhof to Hudson’s Bay Co. (TSX: HBC), said that it will split into a pair of listed companies, one focused on consumer electronics and another focused on food products and wholesaling. Read more"
 McCormick & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MKC) is raising its takeover for Premier Foods PLC (LSE: PFD) to around $2.2 billion. Read more
" State Street Corp. (NYSE: STT) has agreed to acquire GE Asset Management, a group with around $100 billion in assets under management, from General Electric (NYSE: GE). The deal is valued at upwards of $485 million. www.ge.co"
 No firm or fund news this morning
" Cyan Banister, an angel investor and former IronPort executive, has joined venture capital firm Founders Fund as an investing partner. Read more"
" Jay Nadler, former COO of Interactive Data Corp., has joined Warburg Pincus as an executive-in-residence in the firm’s TMT, industrials and business services groups. www.warburgpincus.co"
" Bart Schachter, former co-founder of Blueprint Ventures who most recently led corporate develoment for Docker, has joined Iron.io as chief operating officer. www.iron.i"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some notes to kick off your Thursday:
" Hi, it's Mark: It's the end of the month, which means that Fidelity has once again published carrying values for its privately-held stocks. Most of the changes were downward, even though the NASDAQ Composite rose around 1.25% during the same period"
"Some kind of strange stuff this time around, including a markdown for Domo (even though it soon raised an up round) and a flat mark for Oscar Health (first full month of Fidelity's holding, and it invested at a crazy high valuation vis-a-vis public comps). I haven't yet done a post on all of this, so instead I'm just including the month-to-month valuation changes below."
"Two preemptive notes: (1) Fidelity only publishes dollar amounts in its monthly mutual fund reports, so we do not know if shares were bought, sold or swapped between funds during the month. It's unusual, but possible (and, if so, would render the following data moot). (2) In cases where Fidelity holds multiple classes of the same stock, the valuation change sometimes differs a percentage point or two:"
"No change: Pinterest, Jet.com, Uber, Pax Labs, Moderna Therapeutics, Bracket Computing, Intellia Therapeutics and WeWork."
"Up: Blue Apron (13.47%), Pronutria Biosciences (98%), SpaceX (8.23%), Airbnb (17.85%), Honest Co. (13.84%) and Snapchat (62.3%)."
"Down: Dropbox (-19.94%), Intarcia Therapeutics (-20.45%), Blue Bottle (-5.21%), Nutanix (-10.52%), Taboola (-9.88%), Turn (-15.29%), MongoDB (-17.66%), Domo (-29.17%), Dataminr (-6.36%), Appirio (-18.08%), Zenefits (-24.69%), (-9.18%), 23andMe (-6.37%), Delphix (-11.66%), Handy Technologies (-20.74%), CloudFlare (-9.74%), Cloudera (-37.54%), Twilio (-12.56%),"
" Litigation update: Earlier this month we discussed the possible tax implications of the Michael Goguen/Amber Baptiste lawsuits, based on Baptiste's claims that Goguen directed her to set up a non-profit organization through which he could partially pay her living expenses (ostensibly so his wife wouldn't take special note of the withdrawals). What we didn't know, however, was how either Goguen or Baptiste referred to these payments in their personal tax filings (neither one's attorney agreed to comment when I asked)"
"Yesterday, a spokesman for Goguen did send over a statement, however: “Mr. Goguen never perpetrated a tax fraud. He never took a charitable deduction for monies if any paid to Every Girl Counts or any payment to Ms. Baptiste or any of her companies.”"
" Litigation update II: Lisa Lee issued a statement yesterday after CVC filed a response to her lawsuit. It says, in part: ""CVC’s blanket denials are not a surprise. CVC takes a dreary page from the playbook of too many misogynistic firms who attempt to defend the indefensible. Ms. Lee will do what she set out to do in commencing this action: She will prove her claims and also demand a new culture at CVC in which women are respected and treated fairly."
" Get energized! Fortune is hosting its annual Brainstorm E conference on May 16-17 in Carlsbad, California. For the uninitiated, this is an invite-only event to discuss energy, technology and sustainability"
"Participants include Steven Chu (former US Energy Secretary), Jeremy Grantham (GMO), Lynn Jurich (SunRun CEO), Bill Ford (Ford Motor Co. exec chairman), Kaye Ceille (Zipcar president), Kimbal Musk (The Kitchen), Tony Earley (PG&E CEO), Brendan Bechtel (Bechtel Group president), Dan Doctoroff (Sidewalk Labs CEO), Hugh Grand (Monsanto CEO) and George Whitesides (CEO of Virgin Galactic)."
"And, for the first time, I'll be there too. If you're interested in receiving an invitation, please drop me an email and I'll do my best... Full info here. Hope to see a bunch of you in Carlsbad."
" Airware, a Newport Beach, Calif.-based drone OS startup that is expanding into hardware, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. Return backers Andreessen Horowitz and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers were joined by former Cisco CEO (and new Airware board member) John Chambers. Read more"
" Garena, a Singapore-based mobile entertainment and e-commerce company, has raised $170 million in Series D funding led by Khazanah Nasional Berhad. The WSJ reports that the deal gives Garena a post-money valuation of $3.75 billion. Existing shareholders include General Atlantic, Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and Keytone Ventures. Read more"
" Cockroach Labs, a New York-based developer of open-source database solutions, has raised $20 million in Series A1 funding from Benchmark, Google Ventures and Index Ventures. www.cockroachlabs.co"
" Playbuzz, a New York-based platform for online content engagement and social distribution, has raised $15 million in new VC funding. Saban Ventures led the round, and was joined by The Walt Disney Co., 83North, Carmel Ventures and FirstTime Ventures. www.playbuzz.co"
" Gauss Surgical Inc., a Los Altos, Calif.-based maker of a real-time monitoring platform for surgical blood loss, has raised $12.6 million in Series B funding. Providence Health & Services led the round via its Providence Ventures investment arm, and was joined by Jump Capital and return backers Promus Ventures, LifeForce Ventures, Summation Health Ventures and the StanfordStartX Fund. www.gausssurgical.co"
" Branch.co, a San Francisco-based provider of mobile financial services in sub-Saharan Africa, has raised $9.2 million in Series A funding led by Andreessen Horowitz. Read more"
" GoReact, an Orem, Utah-based developer of a video-based skills training platform used in the classroom, has raised $4 million in growth equity funding from Five Elms Capital. www.goreact.co"
" Ceridian, a Toronto-based provider of human capital management software and services, has raised $150 million in new equity funding from existing shareholders Thomas H. Lee Partners, Fidelity National Financial Ventures Group and company management. www.ceridian.co"
" Clearview Capital has acquired a majority stake in Controlled Products LLC, a Dalton, Ga.-based maker of synthetic turf for applications like sports and landscape. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cpturf.co"
" Driven Brands, a Charlotte, N.C.-based portfolio company of Roark Capital Partners, has acquired 5 Oil Change Inc., a New Orleans-based quick lube chain, from Trivest Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.drivenbrands.co"
" Jeni’s Splendid Ice Creams, a Columbus, Ohio-based retailer and wholesaler of branded ice creams, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Castanea Partners. www.jenis.co"
" United Guaranty Corp., a Greensboro, N.C.-based mortgage insurance unit of AIG, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the NYSE with J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley serving as lead underwriters. Read more"
" US Foods, an Illinois-based foodservice giant, has added KKR to its IPO prospectus as an underwriter (the only one listed so far). The company, which was acquired by KKR and Clayton Dubilier & Rice for $7.1 billion in 2007, plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol USFD. www.usfoods.co"
" FourQuest Energy, a Canadian pipeline and process services company owned by Fulcrum Capital Partners, has sold its Middle East, Caspian and North African business to Actuant Corp. (NYSE: ATU) for approximately $60 million. www.fourquest.co"
" IBM (NYSE: IBM) has agreed to acquire Bluewolf Group LLC, a New York-based provider of cloud consulting and implementation services, from private equity firm Riordan, Lewis & Haden. No financial terms were disclosed. www.bluewolfgroup.co"
" Quora, a Mountain View, Calif.-based Q&A site, has acquired online discussion community Parlio. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which is Quara’s first-ever acquisition. Quora backers include Benchmark, Matrix Partners, North Bridge Venture Partners, Tiger Global and Y Combinator.  Parlio had been seeded by Matter and Metamorphic Ventures. Read more"
" Allianz has hired Goldman Sachs to help it find a buyer for a $5 billion portfolio of Italian life insurance policies, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Dalian Wanda Group of China said that it may seek to privatize its commercial properties unit, which went public just 15 months ago via a $3.7 billion IPO in Hong Kong. Read more"
" Tata Steel of India said that it is seeking a buyer for its British manufacturing facilities, and that it may shutter the plants if no adequate suitor emerges. Tata’s British plants employ around 15,000 people. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group is targeting $1 billion for its fifth Asia-focused growth equity fund, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" McCarthy Capital, an Omaha-based growth equity firm, has closed its sixth fund with $353 million in capital commitments. www.mccarthycapital.co"
" Pomona Capital is raising upwards of $1.75 billion for its ninth private equity secondaries fund, according to a regulatory filing. That is the same amount that Pomona raised for its eighth fund back in 2014. www.pomonacapital.co"
" Dick Kramlich, co-founder of New Enterprise Associates, has been named to the board of GCA Savvian Corp. www.gcasavvian.co"
" Russell Read has been named chief investment officer of the $51 billion Alaska Permanent Fund Corp. He previously was CIO and deputy CEO of the Gulf Investment Corp. in Kuwait and, before that, founded C Change Investments and served as CIO at CalPERS. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Please don’t shoot the messenger, but… I’m beginning to question the value of some messages I’ve delivered to you, dear readers."
"At the end of each month, I've written about monthly mutual fund reports published by Fidelity Investments, which include carrying values on the dozens of privately-held companies in which Fidelity holds stock. The idea is that Fidelity is giving us a peek into the opaque world of what “unicorn” companies like Dropbox and Snapchat are really worth. Not quite in real-time, but much more current than referring to the last round of venture capital financing."
"Yesterday we discussed how Fidelity lowered the value of most of its private company holdings between Jan. 29 and Feb. 29, even though the NASDAQ composite rose modestly over that same period. Thus bad headlines for companies that were cut particularly deep, such as Dropbox, Cloudera, and Zenefits."
"The trouble, however, is that we have almost no idea how Fidelity is actually valuing any of these companies. Yes, the Boston-based mutual fund giant does say that its marks are determined by a fair value committee that is not influenced by its mutual fund managers. After that, however, it’s a super secret recipe that is not to be shared with us reporters (let alone with mutual fund clients who actually, you know, have money tied up in these companies)."
"Is Fidelity relying on a bucket of public market comps to help value each privately-held company? Probably, although it’s not terribly appropriate to judge a high-growth (and immature) tech startup against a group of slower (but more proven) companies that it is seeking to disrupt. And in some cases, adequate public comps are pretty tough to find. After all, what is Fidelity marking SpaceX against? What about Uber?"
"More importantly, Fidelity is unlikely to be receiving monthly financial reports from these companies ― namely because VC-backed startups don’t typically share such info with their passive investors on more than a quarterly basis. Moreover, it’s even possible that Fidelity receives no detailed financial information from some of these companies, as that’s often a trade-off that comes from being a later-stage investor without board rights. I’m sure that in some cases Fidelity does have monthly access to board decks that contain P&L statements, but it’s hardly uniform nor comprehensive."
"To be sure, certain companies have experienced material events that are publicly disclosed, such as a new round of financing, a management shakeup or regulatory successes/failures. But, more often than not, Fidelity’s judgment is inherently flawed. The fair value committee is likely doing the best it can, but that’s kind of like me trying to dunk a basketball. The best of intentions is irrelevant."
"None of this would necessarily matter, except that the coverage of these valuations can have an impact beyond generating clicks for media companies. Imagine if you’re a Fortune 500 company thinking about signing a large enterprise software contract with a startup, and you read that the provider had its valuation cut 30% in a single month? At the very least, you’re going to be asking some tougher questions. Or if you’re an early-stage venture capital firm that actually does have access to regular financials and choose not to revalue a startup’s stock, only to be confronted with the Fidelity numbers by your own investors? And none of this accounts for employee morale, particularly at startups where stock options are a major part of compensation packages."
"Because my job is to cover things like venture capital and private equity, I’ll continue to keep tabs on the Fidelity reports each month. To not do so would be negligent, particularly since they do sometimes disclose new investments. And every now and then there might be a valuation change so sizable that it merits further research. But I’m likely done with the monthly score-keeping. It’s one of those cases where less information is more."
" Sand Hill stuff: Some big news out of Kleiner Perkins yesterday, in that John Doerr is transitioning into a chairman role. This means he won't be a general partner on the firm's next funds, although he will continue to make new investments and serve on the firm's investment committee. You can read more by going here, but my short takeaway after speaking with Doerr is threefold: (1) No, this is not any sort of quasi-retirement. (2) Doerr wants to signal that KPCB will be around for the long haul. (3) He feels that reallocating some of his time toward coaching younger KPCB folks is the best way of ensuring #2 is realized"
"Doerr obviously wouldn't discuss fundraising, but LPs say that the firm is about to begin raising a new digital growth fund (targeting same $750m as last time out) and a new early-stage fund (bit smaller than $450m current fund). Also of note, Kleiner Perkins will no longer charge a flat 30% carried interest, as it has done for well over a decade. Instead, it will begin with a base 25% carried interest that can rise to 30% based on strong performance. Both funds are expected to close by the end of June, with Doerr to be one of (if not the) largest limited partner."
 Have a great weekend..
" Anbang Insurance of China has withdrawn its $14 billion takeover offer for Starwood Hotels & Resorts (NYSE:HOT), paving the way for rival bidder Marriott International (Nasdaq: MAR). Anbang, which had been working with private equity firms J.C. Flowers and Primavera Capital, only cited ""market considerations"" for its decision"
"I asked a source close to the situation if Anbang might come back to the table. They reply: ""There is some chance. It's low, but not zero."" Read more."
" Juicero, a San Francisco-based maker of a connected juicer, has raised $70 million in Series B funding. Artis Ventures led the round with a $25 million investment, and was joined by Google Ventures and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. Read more"
" Mashable, a New York-based digital media company, has raised $15 million in Series C funding led by Turner Broadcasting. Read more"
" TransLoc, a Durham, N.C.-based developer of transit technologies, has raised $8 million in Series A funding. SJF Ventures and Fontinalis Partners co-led the round, and were joined by Marc Benioff, Thomas McMurray and Patient Capital Collaborative. www.transloc.co"
" Expway, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based, has raised €3 million in new funding. NTT Docomo Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Innovation Capital, I-Source, TechFund and Isatis Capital. www.expway.co"
" Ares Management is in “pole position” to acquire Dermatology Associates of Tyler, a Tyler, Texas-based provider of skin care services, from Candescent Partners, according to LBO Wire. www.dermatologytyler.co"
" Brightstar Capital Partners has acquired a majority stake in Global Resale LLC, an Austin, Texas-based provider of aftermarket services and reverse logistics for the resale, buyback and disposition of tech devices. As part of the deal, Brightstar will invest $50 million in growth capital. www.globalresale.co"
" EQT Partners has acquired Sitecore, a Sausalito, Calif.-based provider of customer experience management software, for approximately €1 billion from shareholders like Technology Crossover Ventures. www.sitecore.ne"
" J.F. Lehman & Co. has acquired American Scaffold, a San Diego-based provider of scaffolding systems and environmental containment solutions for the maintenance, repair and overhaul of U.S. government vessels. No financial terms were disclosed. www.americanscaffold.co"
" Permira is the “leading bidder” for UK-based financial asset manager Towry Holdings Ltd., according to Bloomberg. The deal could be valued at upwards of £600 million, with Permira planning to merge Towry with existing portfolio company Tilney Bestinvest. Other suitors have included Bain Capital and CVC Capital Partners, while current Towry backers include Palamon Capial Partners, AlpInvest and Honeywell Capital Management. Read more"
" Raymundos Food Group, a refrigerated foods platform sponsored by AUA Private Equity Partners, has acquired Noga Dairies Inc., a Farmingdale, N.Y.-based maker of yogurts, drinkable yogurts and other dairy products. No financial terms were disclosed. www.raymundos.co"
" TierPoint LLC has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Cosentry, an Omaha, Neb.-based provider of cloud, colocation and managed services. Prior  Cosentry  owner TA Associates has become a shareholder in TierPoint, which was acquired last year by an investor group that included Thompson Street Capital Partners, The Stephens Group, RedBird Capital Partners and Jordan/Zalaznick Advisers. No financial terms were disclosed. www.tierpoint.co"
 There is no IPO news this morning
" Victory Park Capital Advisors has hired Jefferies to find a buyer for Giordano’s, a Chicago-based restaurant chain known for its deep dish pizzas, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at more than $100 million. Read more"
" Amplifon SpA (BIT: AMP) is bidding on Dutch hearing aid retailer AudioNova, according to Bloomberg. AudioNova currently is owned by HAL Trust, and could be valued at around 500 million. Other possible suitors include Sonova Holding, William Demant Holding and Sivantos AG (a portfolio company of EQT Partners). Read more"
" 500 Startups is raising $25 million for a seed-stage fund focused on the fintech sector, according to a regulatory filing. www.500.c"
" Berkshire Partners, a Boston-based private equity firm, has closed its ninth fund with $5.5 billion in capital commitments. It had raised $4.5 billion for its eighth fund in 2011. www.berkshirepartners.co"
 Element Pointe Advisors has been launched as a Miami-based wealth management firm by former JPMorgan private bankers David Savir and Carlos Dominguez. Read more
" Oliver Holbourn has been named CEO of UK Financial Investments, where he will oversee the British government’s sale of its stakes in Lloyds Banking Group and Royal Bank of Scotland. He has been with UK Financial Investments as head of capital markets since 2013, before which he led British equity capital markets for BofA Merrill Lynch. Read more"
 Lewis Katz has joined Franklin Square Capital Partners as chief business development officer. He previously was president of Blackboard Advisors. www.franklinsquare.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from the home office, where snow is falling in a material adverse change to our seasonal agreement with Mother Nature. Some notes:"
" One year post-Pao: Fewer than 6% of all decision-makers at U.S. venture capital firms are women, according to new data compiled by Fortune. It is a pathetic figure, but also a slight improvement over the last time we ran the numbers"
"The data covers all U.S.-based firms that have raised at least one fund of $100 million or more since the beginning of 2011, with analysis focused on each firm’s top-layer of investment professional (it’s a bit tricky, since the terminology is not uniform across the industry). That worked out to 282 firms that had raised over $130 million since 2011, with 906 “decision-makers.” Of those, just 52 were women. Please go here to read the full post."
" Meet your mark: James McIntyre, a managing director with Louis Bacon's hedge fund Moore Capital Management, was the man duped by former Park Hill Group executive Andrew Caspersen, according to the New York Times"
"You might recall that neither the state nor federal fraud complaints against Caspersen identified the individual who convinced a nonprofit foundation to invest $25 million into an alleged front for Caspersen's personal brokerage account — a scheme in which the individual also lost $400,000. But it seems to be McIntyre, who happens to be one of Caspersen's former Princeton classmates. It is unclear if the Princeton relationship played a role, either in the initial introduction of in McIntyre's apparent willingness to overlook some pretty basic due diligence."
" Soup scoop: My Fortune colleague Beth Kowitt has learned that Sam Kass, the former White House chef who became a key advisor to Michelle Obama’s Let’s Move campaign, is now a partner with Campbell Soup Co.-backed Acre Venture Partners. Read more"
" Drought relief? BATS Global Markets is set to be the first IPO of Q2 and, depending on your definitions, the year's first tech IPO. As you can see in the news section below, it set offering terms this morning, which means an actual listing should come within the next few weeks. Only thing is, this is more of an SPO [second public offering] than and IPO. You might recall that BATS priced its offering in 2012, but then canceled the deal due to a subsequent software glitch that decimated its share value"
" Gametime: Out of more than 1,400 entries, we're down to just three possible winners for our annual March Madness Extravaganza (yeah, I said three). If Villanova wins, then it goes to Jon Curtis. If UNC takes the crown, then we have a tie between Paul Tump and a user going by Bllgme82. Trouble is, I don't know who any of you are. So send me an email if you'd like to claim your prize.."
" Slack, a San Francisco-based maker of cloud-based workplace collaboration software, has raised $200 million in new VC funding at a $3.8 billion post-money valuation. Thrive Capital led the round and was joined by GGV Capital, Comcast Ventures, Sherpa Everest and return backers like Accel, Index Ventures, Spark Capital, and Social Capital"
"Slack reports an annual revenue run rate of $75 million, 2.7 million daily active users, 800,000 paid users, and 430 employees. Read more."
" Entasis Therapeutics, a Waltham, Mass.-based developer of anti-infectives, has raised $50 million in Series B funding. Clarus Ventures led the round, and was joined by Frazier Healthcare Partners, Novo AS, Eventide Funds and return backer AstraZeneca. www.entasistx.co"
" Hungama, an Indian video and music streaming service, has raised $25 million in new VC funding. Xiaomi led the round, and was joined by Rakesh Jhunjhunwala and return backers Intel Capital and Bessemer Venture Partners. Read more"
" Strainz Inc., a Las Vegas-based cannabis brand management company, has raised $6 million in Series A funding from undisclosed investors. It also secured $2 million in debt funding. www.strainz.co"
" eRelevance Corp., an Austin, Texas-based provider of marketing automation software, has raised $4.5 million in Series A funding. Rally Ventures led the round, and was joined by Chicago Ventures, Miramar Venture Partners and Rothernberg Ventures. www.erelevancecorp.co"
" Schoold, a San Francisco-based college planning startup, has raised $4.5 million in seed funding from backers like FastForward and Lorne Abony. www.schoold.c"
" Reserve, a New York-based restaurant reservation booking and payment app, has raised an undisclosed amount of strategic funding from Diageo Technology Ventures. It also has acquired Dash, a New York-based payments and data technology startup with point-of-sale integration capabilities. Dash had raised seed funding from groups like Caerus Ventures and New York Angels. www.reserve.co"
" Amo Hamza, a Saudi Arabia-based seafood casual dining chain, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from NBK Capital Partners. www.amohamza.com.s"
" Arrowhead Electrical Products, a Blaine, Minn.-based portfolio company of The Riverside Company, has acquired C&E, an Urbandale, Iowa-based maker and distributor of aftermarket and OEM engine components for the power sports market. www.arrowheadep.co"
 The Blackstone Group has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Indian IT services company Mphasis from Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) for approximately $825 million. Read more
" Confie Seguros, a personal insurance company focused on Hispanic consumers, has acquired Springfield, Mass.-based Axiom Insurance Agency. No financial terms were disclosed. Confie Seguros is a portfolio company of ABRY Partners. This is its first acquisition in Massachusetts. www.confieseguros.co"
 Marlin Equity Partners has acquired a portfolio of software assets sold to the ambulatory care market ― including practice management and electronic health records products ― from McKesson Corp.’s (NYSE: MCK) business performance services unit. No financial terms were disclosed. www.marlinequity.co
" Mercator, a Dubai-based portfolio company Warburg Pincus, has acquired Revenue Management Systems, a Seattle-based provider of revenue management software. No financial terms were disclosed. www.mercator.co"
" Silver Lake and GIC have agreed to acquire equal minority stakes in Ancestry.com, in a deal that values the genealogy website at $2.6 billion. This is a significant valuation increase over the $1.6 billion that it cost two other private equity firms ― Permira and Spectrum Equity Investors ― and GIC to take Provo, Utah-based Ancestry.com private in late 2012. Both Permira and Spectrum are selling stock as part of this new transaction, although they will maintain a majority equity position alongside GIC. Read more"
" Tilney Bestinvest, a portfolio company of Permira, has agreed to acquire UK-based wealth management firm Towry Holdings Ltd. from Palamon Capital Partners for GBP600 million. www.bestinvest.co.u"
" TZP Group and former Time Inc. executive Eric Thorkilsen have acquired This Old House Ventures LLC, a multi-platform home improvement brand, from Time Inc. (NYSE: TIME). No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe has completed its previously-announced acquisition of QuickBase, a Cambridge, Mass.-based cloud development group, from Intuit Inc. (Nasdaq: INTU). www.quickbase.co"
" BATS Global Markets, a Lenexa, Kansas-based securities exchange operator, has set its IPO terms to 11.2 million shares being offered at between $17 and $19 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $1.72 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company  plans to trade on the BATS Exchange under ticker symbol BATS, with Morgan Stanley and Citigroup serving as lead underwriters. Shareholders include TA Associates (17.1% pre-IPO stake) and a group of investment banks. www.batstrading.co"
" Actera Group and Esas Holding have agreed to sell Mars Cinema Group, the largest movie theater operator in Turkey, for $800 million to South Korea’s CJ CGV. www.marsentertainmentgroup.com.t"
" Peak Rock Capital has sold Highline Produce Holdings Inc., a Canadian producer and distributor of organic mushrooms in North America, to an affiliate of Fyffes PLC (Ireland: FQ3). No financial terms were disclosed. www.highlinemushrooms.co"
" Rand Capital has completed the previously-announced sale of its 31.25% stake in Gemcor II, a West Seneca, N.Y.-based maker of automated fastening systems for airframe manufacturers, to Ascent Aerospace for approximately $15.2 million. www.gemcor.co"
" Mars Petcare has acquired Whistle, a San Francisco-based maker of an on-collar GPS location monitor and fitness tracker for pets. The deal is valued at $117 million, according to Bloomberg. The company had raised $25 million in VC funding, including a Series B round last year at an $11.65 million pre-money valuation. Backers include DCM, Nokia Growth Partners, Qualcomm Ventures, Queensbridge Venture Partners and Melo7 Tech Partners. Read more"
" TSYS (NYSE: TSS) has completed its previously-announced $2.25 billion cash acquisition of TransFirst, a Hauppauge, N.Y.-based payment processing company, from Vista Equity Partners. TransFirst had filed for an IPO last fall, reporting a $1.9 million net loss on $742.6 million in revenue for the first six months of 2015. www.transfirst.co"
" Alaska Air Group (NYSE: ALK) has agreed to buy air carrier Virgin America (Nasdaq: VA) or $2.6 billion in cash, or $57 per share (47% premium to Friday's closing price). Read more"
" Mithril Capital is raising upwards of $600 million for its second growth equity fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.mithril.co"
" Sheila Bair, former FDIC chair, has joined the board of VC-backed online lender Avant as an independent director. Read more"
" Scott Barshay has agreed to join law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison as global head of M&A. He previously was with Cravath, Swaine and Moore. www.paulweiss.co"
 Evan Horton has rejoined WestView Capital Partners as a principal. He previously was a vice president with Pine Tree Equity Partners and served as an associate at WestView between 2006 and 2009. www.wvcapital.co
" Pavlos Mavrides has joined investment bank Pi Capital International as a managing director. He previously was a managing director with INTL FCStone Securities and, before that, CFO of Provident Group. www.picapital.co"
" Steven Miller has been named CEO of CR Holdco, a portfolio company of Leeds Equity Partners that operates three financial information businesses in the credit space (including Covenant Review). He previously led S&P Capital IQ’s leveraged commentary and data (LCD) team"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some notes to kick off your Tuesday:
" Corporate venturing: Last month we reported that longtime Qualcomm Ventures boss Nagraj Kashyap had left for Microsoft Ventures. Now comes news that another Qualcomm Ventures veteran, Jack Young, has left to head up venture capital for Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners, an investment unit of Germany’s Deutsche Telekom that manages more than $2 billion (including a private equity unit). He also has relocated from San Diego to Silicon Valley, in order to open a new Sand Hill Road office for DTCP"
"Young had a particular focus on digital health while at Qualcomm, including leading the firm’s investment in Fitbit Inc. and leading a joint investment effort with Novartis called dRx Capital AG."
"He says his move was unrelated to Kashyap’s, except that both were seeking new challenges. “We were very much strategic at Qualcomm, but what we’re doing at DTCP is much more financially-driven,” Young says. “It’s kind of modeled on Google Ventures or Norwest Venture Partners in that way… We’re focused on TMT, but that’s a pretty broad category now.”"
" Next stop: A decade after co-founding Boston-based .406 Ventures, Larry Begley is moving on to become chief financial officer of .406 portfolio company CloudHealth Technologies. Not terribly surprising, as he wasn’t listed on an SEC filing for the venture firm’s third fund, a $217 million vehicle closed last year"
"Begley ― who has past CFO experience at CCBN (sold to Thomson Financial), i-Cube and Razorfish ― says that he had the operational itch and didn’t believe that it made sense to sign up for another 10-year fund at age 60."
"“I had wanted to do some things outside of .406 but soon realized I was a bit bored without a full-time thing,” Begley explains. “Ten years ago Dan Phillips was semi-retired but said he might have one more startup in him. I told him to come to .406 if he acted on it, and that’s what ultimately happened when he launched CloudHealth. It’s now one of our most promising portfolio companies.”"
" Data: Some interesting new research has been released by Pantheon Ventures, showing that U.S. and European buyout fund performance (in terms of quartile) usually gets locked in early. For example, if a fund is top-quartile by year five of its life, it has just a 13% chance of finishing out below the median performance of its vintage year"
 Quiz Time (no prize): Can you name the Texas-based advisor and investment firm that's being acquired by a larger New York-based boutique? Hint: Both firms are eponymous
" Quiz time (with prize): This Thursday is the 10th Annual TUGG Wine & Tequila Party in Boston, which is expected to raise $500,000 to help support six local nonprofits. More than 1,500 tickets have already been sold, but Term Sheet has 10 freebies that I'll give to the first readers to correctly answer the following question (by hitting reply to this email): Which VC-backed company employs more ex-Vistaprint staffers than any other in the Boston area"
" Gametime: March Madness is over, and Villanova isn't the only the winner. The champion of our pool is Jon Curtis, a managing director with Bridge Street Advisors, who bested more than 1,400 other Term Sheet readers (including over 30 who also picked the Wildcats to win it all). So big congrats to Jon, who soon will be taking over part of Term Sheet for a morning.."
" Accor Hotels (Paris: AC) has agreed to acquire OneFineStay, a London-based platform for renting luxury homes. The deal is valued at around $168 million, with Accor committing to invest another $73 million into OneFineStay"
"OneFineStay had raised around $80 million in VC funding, including a $40 million Series D round in 2014 at around a $224 million pre-money valuation. Backers include Intel Capital, Hyatt Hotels, Quadrant Capital, Canaan Partners and Index Ventures. www.onefinestay.com"
" Persado, a New York-based developer of “digital marketing persuasion” software, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. Goldman Sachs led the round, and was joined by return backers Bain Capital Ventures, StarVest Partners, Citi Ventures and American Express Ventures. Read more"
" Feelunique.com, a British online retailer of premium beauty products, has raised £20 million in new VC funding led by Palamon Capital Partners. www.feelunique.co"
" Metabomed Ltd., an Israeli developer of small-molecule drugs directed against targets in the field of cancer metabolism, has raised $18 million in Series A funding. Pfizer Inc. and Arkin Holdings were joined by existing backers MS Ventures, Boehringer Ingelheim Venture Fund, Pontifax LLC and the Technion Research and Development Foundation. Read more"
" Mintigo, a San Mateo, Calif.-based provider of predictive marketing solutions, has raised $15 million in new VC funding led by Sequoia Capital. www.mintigo.co"
" Origami Energy, a UK-based provider of grid-scale energy management SaaS solutions, has raised £13.7 million in Series A funding. Fred Olsen Energy-related companies were joined by return backers Octopus Ventures and Cambridge Innovation Capital. www.origamienergy.co"
" Virool, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based viral video advertising network, has raised $12 million in Series A funding. Backers include Menlo Ventures, Thomvest Ventures, Yahoo Japan, Flint Capital and 500 Startups. www.virool.co"
" Jinn, a London-based “shop of your behalf” delivery startup, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Samaipata Ventures led the round, and was joined by Bull Partners, Elderstreet and individual angels. Read more"
" Consensus (f.k.a. DemoChimp), an American Fork, Utah-based provider of B2B demo automation software, has raised $4.2 million in Series A funding. Peak Ventures led the round, and was joined by CEB and Nobutaka Mutaguch. www.consens.u"
" Flywheel, an Omaha, Neb.-based WordPress hosting and management platform for designers and creative agencies, has raised $4 million in Series A funding led by Five Elms Capital. www.getflywheel.co"
 Arlington Capital Partners has completed its previously-announced acquisition of the defense and security business unit of iRobot Corp. (Nasdaq: IRBT) for upwards of $45 million. www.irobot.co
" Blue Star Sports, a Frisco, Texas-based provider of youth sports team and league management software, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Providence Equity Partners and Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones. www.bluestarsports.co"
" Cotton Creek Capital has acquired Sterling Foods, a San Antonio, Texas-based provider of gourmet baked goods to the food industry. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Austin Ventures and TGF Management. www.sterling-fd.co"
 H.I.G. Capital has completed its previously-announced acquisition of the Quicken business line from Intuit Inc. (Nasdaq: INTU). www.intuit.co
" IPS Corp., a Compton, Calif.-based portfolio company of Nautic Partners, has acquired Integra Adhesives, a Canadian maker of specialty adhesives used to permanently bind stone and interior finishes like countertops. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ipscorp.co"
" Milestone AV Technologies, an Eden Prairie, Minn.-based provider of audiovisual equipment, has acquired Vaddio, a Minnetonka, Minn.-based maker of cameras and professional auto and visual products. No financial terms were disclosed. Milestone AV shareholders include Pritzker Capital and Duchossois Group, while Vaddio had been backed by Thompson Street Capital Partners. www.milestone.co"
" PDC Brands, a Stamford, Conn.-based beauty product platform sponsored by Yellow Wood Partners, has acquired Original Additions, a London-based owner of beauty brands Eylure London, Elegant Touch and Salon System. No financial terms were disclosed. www.parfumsdecoeur.co"
" Sterigenics International, a Deerfield, Ill.-based provider of outsourced contract sterilization services, has acquired Nelson Laboratories Inc., a Salt Lake City-based provider of lifecycle microbiology testing services for the medical device, pharma and tissue industries. No financial terms were disclosed. Sterigenics is a portfolio company of Warburg Pincus and GTCR. www.sterigenics.co"
" Weinberg Capital Group has sponsored a recapitalization of HoodMart Inc., an Elyria, Ohio-based maker of ventilation systems for the commercial cooking industry. No financial terms were disclosed, except that F.N.B. Capital Partners supported the deal with $10 million in mezzanine funding and equity co-investment. www.hoodmart.co"
" Yintech Investment Holdings Ltd., a Chinese provider of spot commodity trading services, has filed for an $80 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol YIN, with Jefferies serving as lead underwriter. The company reports around $62 million of net income on $192 million in revenue for 2015"
" Ericsson has acquired NodePrime, a San Francisco-based provider of a first software-defined datacenter platform. No financial terms were disclosed. NodePrime last year raised $7 million in seed funding from Ericsson, Menlo Ventures, NEA, Formation 8, Initialized Capital, Crosslink Capital and TEEC Angel Fund. Read more"
" GigOptix Inc. (NYSE: MKT: GIG) has agreed to acquire Magnum Semiconductor Inc., a Milpitas, Calif.-based provider of semiconductor communications components. The deal is valued at approximately $55 million in stock, with the resulting combined company to be renamed GigPeak Inc. Magnum had raised over $100 million in VC funding, including a 2014 recap. Backers included August Capital and Investor Growth Capital. www.gigoptix.co"
 InterMedia Advisors and Yucaipa Cos. have agreed to sell the Soul Train franchise to Black Entertainment Television (BET) for an undisclosed amount. Read more
" Leeds Equity Partners has agreed to sell Evanta, a Portland, Ore.-based provider of executive leadership development and collaborative exchange programs, to CEB (NYSE: CEB) for $275 million in cash. Leeds had paid $94 million to acquire Evanta back in 2012. www.evanta.co"
" Salesforce (NYSE: CRM) has acquired MetaMind, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based enterprise AI startup. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Khosla Ventures. Read more"
" DFW Capital Partners, a Teaneck, N.J.-based private equity firm focused on lower middle-market services companies, has closed its fifth fund with $360 million in capital commitments. www.dfwcapital.co"
 KKR has closed its second special situations fund with $3.35 billion in capital commitments. www.kkr.co
" PineBridge Investments has closed its second “structured capital” fund with $600 million in capital commitments. The fund will invest in junior capital securities in privately-held, North American middle-market companies. www.pinebridge.co"
" Niles Ho has joined Beijing-based tech media company 36kr.com as a venture partner and member of the company’s investment committee. He previously was an investment director with family office Wu Capital and, before that, was executive director of CDH Investments. www.36kr.co"
 Diana Martz has joined TA Associates as VP of human resources. She previously was director of talent for OpenView Venture Partners. www.ta.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some notes to kick off your Wednesday:
" Devil in the details: We still don't know why Andrew Caspersen perpetrated his alleged private equity fraud, but we are getting some answers about how he managed to... ummm... ""borrow"" $8.1 million from his employer, Park Hill Group (a unit of PJT Partners), before repaying it via money pilfered from The Moore Charitable Foundation (and, amazingly, $3 million from his own family)"
"According to The NY Times, Park Hill's payment process allowed him to ""personally send out invoices to clients... and his employers learned of the improper wire transfers only about a week before his arrest because they appeared legitimate."""
"Park Hill apparently is reviewing a process that, while designed to foster closer relations between its staff and their clients, is clearly ripe for abuse."
" Oscar's grouch: Bright Health this morning announced that it has raised $80 million in Series A funding co-led by Bessemer Venture Partners and NEA, with Flare Capital Partners and Waterline Ventures also participating"
"We beat the press release to the punch with a post yesterday, but this basically is a big new challenger for Oscar Health, which most recently was valued at $2.7 billion (post-money) by firms like Fidelity. Unlike Oscar, which was launched (and initially funded) by technologists, Bright Health is a tech-enabled consumer health insurance company led by a big-name health insurance executive: Rob Sheehy, the former CEO of UnitedHealth."
"The Minneapolis-based startup plans to partner with major healthcare providers (including big metro hospitals), and begin providing coverage for 2017. No word yet on the partners or initial markets, except that it will focus on both individuals and Medicare Advantage."
"""The goal here is to get rid of the fissure between payers and providers,"" says Steve Kraus, a partner at BVP and a Bright Health board member. ""I wouldn't want to go up against a UnitedHealth or Aetna in the commercial market, but there is clearly now an opportunity for individuals."""
" Breaking up [banks] is hard to do: I obviously agree with Bernie Sanders on the need for a change to carried interest tax treatment. But after yesterday's interview with the NY Daily News, I'm very curious to know if Sanders knows that carried interest actually is, or what the arguments are for maintaining the status quo.."
" Term Sheet Review of Books: Over the weekend I read Disrupted, the buzzy book from tech journalist Dan Lyons, about his year or so working at marketing software company (and successful 2015 IPO issuer) Hubspot. You might recall that this is the tome that two senior Hubspot execs apparently tried to illicitly obtain prior to publication, costing them their jobs (although one has since landed on his feet at Insight Squared, while the other is working on an AngelList syndicate)"
"In short: If you work in tech or tech investing, you should read it. This isn't to say that I agree with everything the 50-something Lyons wrote, and clearly his focus on age bias is, in some part, undercut by his own bias against the abilities of younger workers. But he does put an awful lot of meat on the bone, and his book made make think a lot harder than I think he intended it to. Plus, he can write."
"From a business perspective, Lyons also calls out a fundamental hypocrisy about Hubspot, in that it champions an ""inbound"" marketing technology while itself relying on more traditional sales reps. Very curious to hear your thoughts..."
" Personnel scoop: Blake Coler-Dark has joined FCVC Advisors, the family office and institutional unit of FundersClub. He previously led IR for Echelon Asset Management and, before that, was part of the pre-IPO team at LendingClub"
" Answer Key: Yesterday I asked you to name the Boston startup that currently employs the most Vistaprint alums. A bunch of you correctly answered DraftKings, and the first ten received tickets to Thursday night's TUGG Wine & Tequila Party. If you got it wrong (or too late), I still encourage you to buy a ticket and attend. It's always a great time, and supports folks who are doing very important work"
" Publishing note: I'll be flying down to Chapel Hill tomorrow afternoon to help judge the VCIC International Finals ― and perhaps console some Tar Heels fans (that includes you, dad) ― which means Erin Griffith (@eringriffith) will pinch-hit on Friday"
" Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) this morning called off its proposed $160 billion purchase of Allergan (NYSE: AGN), following the announcement of new U.S. Treasury rules designed to curb tax inversions. As part of the mutual termination, Pfizer will pay Allergan $150 million as reimbursement for deal-related expenses. Read more"
" Human Longevity, a San Diego-based developer of a database of whole genome, phenotype and clinical data, has raised $220 million in Series B funding. Backers include Illumina, Celgene, GE Ventures and DFJ. The company previously raised an $80 million Series A round at a $272 million pre-money valuation. www.humanlongevity.co"
" Finanzcheck, a German consumer loans marketplace, has raised €33 million in Series C funding. HarbourVest led the round, and was joined by Acton Capital Partners and return backer Highland Europe. www.finanzcheck.d"
" CrossChx, a Columbus, Ohio-based provider of healthcare identity solutions, has raised $15 million in Series C funding. Backers include Silicon Valley Bank, Khosla Ventures, Drive Capital, NCT Ventures and Moonshots Capital. www.crosschx.co"
" Vasona Networks Inc., a Santa Clara, Calif.-based provider of software that improves mobile carrier infrastructure efficiency, has raised $14.6 million in Series C funding from Bessemer Venture Partners, New Venture Partners and NexStar Partners. www.vasonanetworks.co"
" Kyulux Inc., a Japanese developer of OLED display and lighting technologies, has raised $13.5 million in Series A funding from firms like Samsung Display, LG Display, Japan Display and JOLED. www.kyulux.co"
" Haptik, an Indian mobile concierge service, has raised $11.2 million in Series B funding led by Times Internet, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" LiveSafe Inc., an Arlington, Va.-based mobile safety communications platform, has raised $5.25 million in Series B funding from an entity affiliated with FedEx CEO Fred Smith. www.livesafemobile.co"
" Anchore, a Santa Barbara, Calif.-based developer of a solution for inspecting, tracking and securing software containers, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding from Menlo Ventures and e-ventures. Read more"
" ABRY Partners has agreed to acquire SambaSafety, an Albuquerque, N.M.-based provider of cloud-based driver risk management solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Main Street Capital Corp. www.sambasafety.co"
" Chauvet & Sons LLC, a Sunrise, Fla.-based provider of LED lighting products for entertainment and architectural lighting markets, has secured an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Cortec Group. www.chauvetlighting.co"
" Emerson Electric Co. (NYSE: EMR) has discussed a sale of its network power business with suitors like Siemens AG and Platinum Equity Partners, according to Reuters. A deal could be valued at upwards of $4 billion. Read more"
" Internet Truckstop Group, a New Plymouth, Idaho-based provider of tech solutions to the freight supply chain, has secured an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Bregal Sagemount. www.truckstopgroup.co"
" Jensen Hughes, a Baltimore-based portfolio company of Gryphon Investors, has acquired Aon Fire Protection Engineering, a Glenview, Ill.-based provider of fire protection engineering, fire code consulting and security services, from Aon Corp. (NYSE: AON). No financial terms were disclosed. www.jensenhughes.co"
" The Jordan Company has acquired TKE Enterprises, a Dallas-based maker of decorative and functional hardware for the kitchen and bath industry. No financial terms were disclosed, except that the deal was supported by a $224 million senior secured credit facility lead arranged by Antares Capital. www.thejordancompany.co"
" The Carlyle Group is planning an IPO for Yakjin Trading after failing to find a buyer for the South Korean garment manufacturer, according to The Korea Herald. TPG Capital had been among those that considered making an offer. Read more"
" Cotiviti Corp., an Atlanta-based healthcare payment processing and auditing company, has hired J.P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs to lead an IPO that could value the company at around $3 billion, according to Bloomberg. Cotiviti is owned by Advent International. Read more"
" inVentiv Group Holdings, a Burlington, Mass.-based provider of outsource clinical and commercial services to the life sciences market, has filed for a $100 million IPO. That figure is likely as placeholder, with Renaissance Capital estimating that the offering could eventually be designed to raise $500 million. Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley are serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $150 million loss on $2.32 billion in revenue for 2015. Shareholders include Thomas H. Lee Partners. www.inventivhealth.co"
" Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE: ALLY) has agreed to acquire TradeKing Group Inc., a Charlotte, N.C.-based digital wealth management company, for around $275 million. TradeKing had raised around $33 million in VC funding from firms like Battery Ventures, Velocity Capital Private Equity, Milestone Merchant Partners, G2 Holding, OCA Venture Partners, GTCR and Legent Holding. www.tradeking.co"
" KKR has hired UBS to find a buyer for its 45% stake in Genesis Care, an Australian provider of radiation oncology services and cardiovascular care, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Huatai Securities Co. (SHSE: 601688) is seeking to acquire AssetMark Inc., a Concord, Calif.-based maker of software for the asset management market, for upwards of $800 million, according to Reuters. Several private equity firms also have expressed interest. AssetMark currently is owned by Aquiline Capital Partners and Genstar Capital. Read more"
" Persistent Systems has acquired Genwi, a San Jose, Calif-based provider of a customizable marketing platform. No financial terms were disclosed. Genwi backers included Floodgate and the individual partners of Elevation Partners. www.genwi.co"
" Schoeller Bleckmann Oilfield Equipment has acquired a 68% stake in Downhole Technology, a Houston-based provider of composite frack plugs, from Pelican Energy Partners. The deal includes an option whereby Schoeller Bleckmann can acquire the remaining ownership stake from company management after three years. www.downholetechnology.co"
" Toptal, a San Francisco-based online talent marketplace for software developers, has acquired Skillbridge, a New York-based platform for the on-demand business talent space. No financial terms were disclosed. Toptal is a portfolio company of Andreessen Horowitz, while Skillbridge had been backed by First Round Capital. www.skillbridge.c"
" Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA) has completed its previously-announced acquisition of the South China Morning Post, a Hong Kong-based newspaper, for approximately $262 million. www.alibaba.co"
 Glencore (LSE: GLEN) has agreed to sell 40% of its agriculture unit to Canada Pension Plan Investment Board for $2.5 billion. Read more
" SurveyMonkey has acquired Renzu, a San Francisco-based data analytics app, for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
" The U.S. Justice Department will file a lawsuit to block Halliburton (NYSE: HAL) from acquiring Baker Hughes (NYSE: BHI), according to Reuters. Read more"
" Aquiline Capital Partners, a New York-based private equity firm focused on the financial services sector, has closed its third fund with more than $1.1 billion in capital commitments"
 HarbourVest Partners has closed a new Canadian venture capital fund-of-funds with C$375 million in capital commitments. www.harbourvest.co
 H.I.G. Capital has closed a new private equity fund focused on Brazil and Latin America with $740 million in capital commitments. www.higcapital.co
" The Blackstone Group has made several changes to its Asia team: Chris Heady, head of Asia real estate, is now chairman of Asia Pacific; Jan Nielsen, current head of Southeast Asia private equity, will be COO for all Blackstone Asia Pacific; Carol Kim is now COO of Asia Pacific investor relations; Daisuke Kitta, head of Japan real estate, is now head of all Japan activities; and Susannah Lindenfield, current head of international compliance, is now general counsel for Asia Pacific. www.blackstone.co"
 Rex Chung has joined EIG Global Energy Partners as a Hong Kong-based managing director and co-head of Asia. He previously led the Asia capital markets and client and partner groups at KKR. www.eigpartners.co
 Walt Jackson has joined Onex Credit to launch a direct lending platform. He previously was COO of the private credit group at Goldman Sachs. www.onex.co
" Venktesh Shukla, chairman of TiE Global and president of TiE Silicon Valley, has agreed to join Fenox Venture Capital as a general partner. www.fenoxvc.co"
 Ed Trissel has joined PR firm Joele Frank as a partner. He previously was chief communications officer for Warburg Pincus. www.joelefrank.co
 Colin Welch has joined TSG Consumer Partners as a New York-based partner. He previously was president and CEO of Financo LLC and CEO Financo Europe. www.tsgconsumer.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Some notes to kick off your Thursday, before I grab E from pre-school and we head down to North Carolina:"
" Ch-ch-ch-ch-Changes: Bain Capital is reorganizing its senior management and rebranding a number of its business units, according to an LP memo obtained by Fortune"
"The Boston-based investment firm has named longtime partners Josh Bekenstein and Steve Pagliuca as co-chairman, while John Connaughton and Jonathan Lavine will become co-managing partners."
"Bekenstein and Pagliuca will maintain their roles as partners and active investors within Bain Capital’s private equity business, while also focusing on broader strategic issues for the overall firm. Connaughton and Lavine will be “setting the strategic direction of the partnership and managing the firm day-to-day.”"
"All of this is a bit of a change for Bain Capital, which traditionally has employed a flat structure in senior management. The goal appears to be fostering greater collaboration across Bain’s various business units, which include private equity, venture capital, credit, and hedge funds. The changes do not reflect any back-end economic changes in terms of firm ownership."
"In related news, all of the firm’s business units plan to rebrand with the “Bain Capital” name. That doesn’t mean much for the core private equity or Bain Capital Ventures groups, but will result in credit unit Sankaty Advisors being renamed Bain Capital Credit and hedge fund business Brookside Capital being renamed Bain Capital Public Equity."
" Re-elevated: NextLevel Equity Partners, the tech-focused private equity firm founded last year by a trio of Elevation Partners refugees, has raised $100 million for its debut fund, per Bloomberg"
" Waiting game: There have still not been any private equity firms cited in the Panama Papers, although that might be just a function of time. It is worth noting that several other offshore ""organizers"" (i.e. Mossack Fonseca rivals) are backed by private equity firms, albeit none based in Panama (nor any who have had their files leaked)"
" Big on board: Endless Mobile, a San Francisco-based maker of a computer (complete with OS) for the developing world, has raised $23.25 million in new VC funding, per an SEC doc. This is the startup led by Matt Dalio and, per the filing, dad Ray (founder and co-CEO of Bridgewater Associate) is on the board of directors"
" Publishing note: Erin Griffith will be in charge of Term Sheet tomorrow, as I'll be in Chapel Hill to help judge the VCIC International Finals. So be sure to send any news and views to Erin.Griffith@fortune.com, or hit her up via Twitter @eringriffith. I look forward to seeing some of you down south and, for everyone else, have a great weekend.."
" Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) this morning called off its proposed $160 billion purchase of Allergan (NYSE: AGN), following the announcement of new U.S. Treasury rules designed to curb tax inversions. As part of the mutual termination, Pfizer will pay Allergan $150 million as reimbursement for deal-related expenses. Read more"
" Intercom, a San Francisco-based customer communication platform, has raised $50 million in new VC funding. Index Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Iconiq Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners and Social Capital. Read more"
" CrownPeak, a Los Angeles-based provider of experience management and optimization SaaS solutions, has raised $50 million in equity funding from K1. The investment comes as part of a merger with London-based ActiveStandards. CrownPeak previously raised VC funding from firms like Sigma Partners and SunAmerica Ventures. www.crownpeak.co"
" X.ai, a New York-based developer of a virtual personal assistant, has raised $23 million in new VC funding. Two Sigma Ventures led the round, and was joined by DCM, Work-Bench Ventures and return backers IA Ventures, Firstmark Capital, Softbank Capital, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, Crunchfund and Pritzker Group Venture Capital. Read more"
" Electric Imp, a Los Altos, Calif.-based IoT connectivity platform, has raised $21 million in Series C funding. Rampart Capital led the round, and was joined by return backer Redpoint Ventures. www.electricimp.co"
" Clutter, an on-demand self-storage startup, has raised $20 million in Series B funding led by return backer Sequoia Capital. www.clutter.i"
" Airmap, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based provider of airspace information and services for drones, has raised $15 million in Series A funding led by General Catalyst Partners. www.airmap.co"
" Luma, a maker of multiple access point home WiFi routers, has raised $12.5 million in Series A funding. New investors include Accel, Amazon and former AT&T CEO Dave Dorman. Read more"
" CloudOne, a Fishers, Ind.-based provider of SaaS virtual private cloud solutions, has raised $9 million in Series E funding. Plymouth Ventures led the round, and was joined by Hercules Technology Growth Capital and return backers Bootstrap Venture Fund, Chatham Ventures, Elevate Ventures and Ryan Diem. www.oncloudone.co"
" RiskRecon, a Boston-based provider of security assessments for third-party cloud vendors, has raised $3 million in seed funding led by General Catalyst. Read more"
" Veriflow, an Oakland-based network breach and outage prevention, has raised $2.9 million in private and public funding from NEA, the National Science Foundation and the U.S. Department of Defense. www.veriflow.ne"
" See Jane Run, a New York-based maker of women’s sports gear, has raised around $1.5 million in VC funding, according to a regulatory filing. Board members include Nicholas Chirls, a partner with Notation Capital. www.seejanerun.co"
" Argus Media, a UK-based oil-price reporting agency, is in talks to sell an equity stake to private equity at an enterprise value of $1.3 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Blue Point Capital Partners has acquired Tierra Sol Ceramic Tile Ltd., a Canadian distributor of ceramic and porcelain tile and other products like natural flooring stones. No financial terms were disclosed. Tierra will be merged into existing Blue Point portfolio company Shnier-GESCO. www.tierrasol.c"
" Bridge Growth Partners has acquired a majority equity stake in Solace Systems, an Ottawa-based provider of infrastructure messaging technology. No financial terms were disclosed. www.solacesystems.co"
" Edgile, an Austin, Texas-based security and risk consulting services firm, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from ABRY Partners. www.edgile.co"
" EMC Corp. is in talks to sell Documentum, a Pleasanton, Calif.-based provider of enterprise content management solutions, as a divestiture that would help finance the company’s planned takeover by PE-backed Dell Inc., according to Bloomberg. EMC and Dell also are seeking to sell software units Sonicwall and Quest. Read more"
 Samara Capital Partners Fund has acquired Indian drug company Cosme Farma Laboratories from South Africa’s Adcock Ingram (JSE: AIP) for around $22 million. Read more
" Strattam Capital has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Blacksmith Applications Inc., a Lawrence, Mass.-based trade spend management SaaS platform for the consumer packaged goods market. No financial terms were disclosed. www.blacksmithapps.co"
" Vector Laboratories Inc., a Burlingame, Calif.-based developer of labeling and detection reagents, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from GTCR. www.vectorlabs.co"
" Waveland Investments has acquired Always For Me, a Hauppauge, N.Y.-based online retailer of plus-sized women’s swimwear, active wear and lingerie. No financial terms were disclosed. www.alwaysforme.co"
 No IPO news this morning
" Amazon (Nasdaq: AMZN) reportedly has acquired Orbeus, a Chicago-based tool that software developers can use to add facial or object recognition to their own products. No financial terms were disclosed. Orbeus had been seeded by firms like Protzker Group Venture Capital, TechStars Chicago, ZPark Ventures and Momentum. Read more"
" PARPRO (Taiwan: 4916) and Anderson Industrial Corp. (TSEC:1528) have acquired Cal Quality Electronics, a Santa Ana, Calif.-based provider of electronics manufacturing services, from Churchill Equity for approximately $23.5 million. www.calquality.co"
" Twist Bioscience, a San Francisco-based startup focused on synthetic DNA, has acquired Genome Compiler Corp., an Israeli developer of software for genetic engineers, molecular and synthetic biologists. No financial terms were disclosed. Twist has raised in VC funding from Illumina, Fidelity, Foresite Capital Management, Tao Invest, ARCH Venture Partners Paladin Capital Group and Yuri Milner. Genome Compiler had been backed by groups like LionBird and Foundry Group. www.twistbioscience.co"
" Wafra Partners has sold Century Fire Protection, a Duluth, Ga.-based maker and seller of fire protection systems, to FirstService Corp. (TSX: FSV) for an undisclosed amount. www.centuryfp.co"
 Barclays has agreed to sell its Singapore and Hong Kong wealth management business to the Bank of Singapore for around $320 million. Read more
 Halliburton (NYSE: HAL) said it will fight a U.S. Department of Justice lawsuit that seeks to block the company's acquisition of smaller rival Baker Hughes (NYSE: BHI). Read more
" Smartling, a New York-based provider of cloud-based enterprise translation software, has acquired Jargon, a maker of tools that enable localization of mobile apps for international markets. No financial terms were disclosed. Smartling has raised over $60 million in VC funding from firms like ICONIQ Capital, First Round Capital, Harmony Partners, IDG Ventures, Tenaya Capital, U.S. Venture Partners and Venrock. Jargon was a TechStars alumni. Read more"
" JLL Partners, a New York-based private equity firm, has closed its seventh fund with $1 billion in capital commitments. Limited partners include Colorado PERA, Cal Regents, State of Montana, Travelers Cos. and certain funds advised by Neuberger Berman. www.jllpartners.co"
 David Blittner has joined Ropes & Gray as a New York-based partner in the law firm’s private equity practice. He previously was with Weil Gotshal & Manges. www.ropesgray.co
 Scott Miller has joined Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP as a Houston-based partner in the law firm’s private equity and M&A practice. He previously was with Bracewell. www.willkie.co
" Manish Valecha has joined Angel Oak Capital Advisors, an Atlanta-based provider of “opportunistic” fixed income investment solutions, has head of institutional alternatives. He previously was head of research at Gapstow Capital Partners. www.angeloakcapital.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Hi Term Sheet readers, this is Erin Griffith filling in for Dan. Direct feedback to me via email or find me on Twitter. "
" Yahoo’s Very Optimistic Bankers: The auction for Yahoo is a leaky one, and I get the sense that Yahoo’s sell-side bankers are eager to make the bidding seem competitive. (We all know in our hearts it’s going to Verizon, right?) Why else would we get updates naming new, unlikely bidders on the daily"
"For example, the New York Post last week reported that SoftBank was working on a bid. That seems unlikely given (A) the complications involved with SoftBank’s own stakes in Yahoo Japan and Alibaba, (B) the fact that SoftBank’s leader-in-waiting Nikesh Arora passed on the chance to run Yahoo because, in his words, he didn’t know how to fix it, and (C) the fact that SoftBank leadership is slightly pre-occupied with another tech turnaround -- Sprint."
"Yesterday, Bloomberg reported that Google parent Alphabet is considering a bid for Yahoo. That also seems unlikely: Google is still undergoing antitrust investigation for its dominance of the search market in Europe, so it’s likely to steer clear of anything that looks like search or digital advertising (ahem, Yahoo). Beyond that, the company's M&A machine slowed down significantly in 2015, making it the company’s slowest year for deals since 2009. Call it “digestion” or call it Ruth Porat’s new era of fiscal responsibility. Either way, Alphabet is more focused on making its “moonshot” and “other bet” acquisitions profitable, not rescuing competitors from Silicon Valley’s island of misfit toys."
"Lastly, this morning we have a slightly desperate-sounding gem from the Post about Yahoo’s patent “gold mine,” which is worth $3 billion to $4 billion and has bidders in a tizzy. Any buyer that wants Yahoo for its patents is not interested in saving this company. Yahoo may have some new, valuable patents, but my guess is that, like the ones AOL divested for $1.1 billion in 2012, most of them are from the '90s and so vague they could encompass any activity on the Internet. Meaning only a troll would try to enforce them. Yahoo even tried its hand at patent trolling in 2012 on Facebook. It didn’t yield any notable windfall; the lawsuit was settled out of court a few months after CEO Scott Thompson was pushed out for lying on his resume."
"TS Book Club: Earlier this week Dan Primack wrote about Disrupted: My Year in Startup Hell, the controversial expose about Boston marketing technology startup HubSpot, by Dan Lyons. Dan Primack said everyone working in tech should read it. I have a slightly different opinion. You can read my entire review on Fortune.com later today, but a few takeaways are below"
"Do not let the excerpt from “Disrupted: My Year in Startup Hell” that recently ran in Fortune trick you into thinking the entire book is equally as entertaining. Each individual sentence in the excerpt is from a different chapter of the book, and most of the book’s best jokes, moments, and details are contained in this excerpt."
"However, Disrupted is worth a read for anyone interested in startup culture and its effect on labor. The book made me fearful of the fact that startup culture has become aspirational to many corporations. It’s also a vivid reminder that many startups -- not just HubSpot -- are fueled by hype."
"Another reason to read Disrupted is if you want to hire some older workers and aren’t sure how to work with them. Disrupted is the exact inverse of all the clichéd books about how to work with millennials. Lyons spends a lot of time discussing how badly he was treated by his young co-workers, while constantly reminding the reader of how important he used to be. Even though many of his jokes revolve around him acting like a jerk in meetings, he only once considers that maybe ""some of"" his not fitting in could have to do with his personality. But he doesn’t dwell on it. No, the problem is definitely ageism."
"Yale Mode: Has any other pension fund, endowment, university, or other limited partner ever matched Yale’s highly risky, but apparently killer track record in venture capital"
"Correction: A funding note in Yesterday’s Term Sheet included an erroneous description and link. See Jane Run is the parent company of Sawyer, a subscription startup for children’s services. www.hisawyer.com/"
" Ant Financial, the finance affiliate of Alibaba Group, has increased the amount of funding it is raising to $3.5 billion, according to Bloomberg. The deal could value the company at $60 billion. China Investment Corp. and an investment vehicle of China Construction Bank Corp. are leading the funding. Read more"
"Managed by Q, a New York City-based platform for office management, has raised $25 million in venture funding led by GV, formerly known as Google Ventures, and Kapor Capital. https://managedbyq.com"
"Adavium Medical, a Brazilian medical equipment and clinical diagnostics company, raised $21 million in Series C funding from CVF LLC and existing investors Venrock, Aberdare Ventures, and Arboretum Ventures. Along with funding, The company also announced that it acquired Brazilian clinical diagnostic companies Alka Tecnologia and Hemogram Industria e Comercio. www.adavium.com"
"RideCell, a San Francisco-based provider of mobility services, has raised $11.7 million in Series A funding round led by BMWi Ventures with the participation of Khosla Ventures and angel investors. www.ridecell.com"
"Mizzen+Main, a Dallas-based men’s apparel maker, raised $3 million in venture funding from VTF Capita, formerly VegasTechFund, and angel investors. www.mizzenandmain.com"
"Karamba Security, a Detroit and Tel Aviv-based maker of in-car security systems, Israel, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding led by YL Ventures with participation from GlenRock. https://www.karambasecurity.com"
"Dispatch, a San Francisco-based delivery robot, raised $2 million in seed funding led by Andreessen Horowitz. Read more"
"Renovo Capital has made investment of undisclosed size in Dimont & Associates, Inc., a provider of specialty insurance and loan administration to residential and commercial financial services industry. www.dimont.co"
"Strattam Capital has agreed to buy a majority stake in Blacksmith Applications, a Lawrence, Massachusetts, developer of software for the consumer-packaged-goods industry. Terms weren’t disclosed. www.blacksmithapps.com"
Golden Gate Capital has agreed to convert 65% of the debt of Pacific Sunwear of California Inc. into equity and provide $20 million in capital as it enters Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The firm previously lent $60 million to the apparel retailer in 2011.   Read more
"  BNP Paribas SA, the French Bank, plans to take its subsidiary, First Hawaiian Bank, public as early as June. First Hawaiian would raise around $1 billion in an offering, making the company worth $4 billion and $5 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" MGM Growth Properties LLC priced its IPO at $18 to $21 a share. The real estate income trust, which includes nine MGM casino resorts, could raise as much as $1.2 billion at that price"
"Tower Three Partners has sold The Paslin Company, a Warren, Mich.-based a robotics integrator for the automotive market, to Zhejiang Wanfeng Technology Development Co. www.paslin.com"
"Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors and NewRoad Capital Partners have formed a new fund to invest in early-stage technology-enabled businesses in retail and other categories. The fund, named Kayne NewRoad Ventures Fund II LP, has $90 million in commitments from NewRoad Ventures Fund I, the Arkansas Venture Development Fund and other investors. kaynecapital.com"
"General Catalyst announced the following promotions: Niko Bonatsos, a venture partner, has been promoted to managing director. Deepak Jeevankumar, a principal, has been promoted to partner. Spencer Lazar, a principal, has been promoted to partner. Gabe Ling, a principal, has been promoted to partner"
"Ana Sirbu has joined BlueVine, a Palo Alto, California, provider of working-capital financing to small businesses, as VP of finance and strategy. Sirbu previously worked at Google Capital"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The sky is gray, the OECD says global economic growth is slowing and big congrats to the team from the BYU Marriott School for winning this year's VCIC International Finals. In other words, it's time for some Monday Mouth-Off."
"I got a lot of emails in response to my decision to stop reporting on Fidelity's monthly carrying value changes for its privately-held companies. Tom leads us off: “I think you're wrong on the Fidelity comments and ask you to reconsider. Fidelity gives us the latest view of a sophisticated investor even if we don't quite know how they got there. Crucially, this is the same for any valuation announced by a company or their VC ― we really don't know how they got there either.”"
"John: “You got it right. When I found out how Fidelity is valuing some of this stuff (one of our portfolio companies, in particular), I was stunned how amateurish it was done. It’s not based on issues with the specific company (at least in our case) but a general view based on overall market valuations. Fidelity had zero information rights and didn’t even bother calling anyone at the company.”"
"Emanuel: “I'm really surprised that you would say that you're questioning the value of your reporting the mutual fund reports…By the mere fact that your commentary is impacting investors, startups, vendors, etc. means it's pretty relevant.  So, I would adamantly disagree that your ‘best of intentions is irrelevant.’ If you want to be critical of Fidelity's model, go ahead and report on that… If I'm an employee at a startup, I'd rather have more information than not. Unless you're telling me there is something illegal about how Fidelity is valuing their holdings, then their valuations are fair game in the mosaic of information available. “"
"Nathan: “I’ve been surprised by these ‘mark-to-market’ valuations for a slightly different reason: most of the markdowns seem to completely ignore the value of other economic terms in these late-stage venture deals, particularly liquidation preference. These are public markets investors, so maybe they’re focused on IPO exits and hence ignore the liq pref. But the IPO window is effectively closed, and many late-stage venture-backed companies will probably see M&A exits. Those liq prefs offer real downside protection in that case. Take SnapChat, which at one point Fidelity marked down 25%. The latest headline valuation is $16B, but what would it really take for Fidelity to see $0.75 on its dollar? Not a $12B acquisition - that would make Fidelity whole via the liq pref. There’s $1.3B of preferred equity in SnapChat, which probably all has a preference. Taking the conservative scenario where the pref is pari passu across all preferred shares, SnapChat would have to sell for just $1B for Fidelity to be 25% underwater (note SnapChat turned down a $3B bid from Facebook in 2013). Is -25% really Fidelity’s expected value? I don’t think so.”"
WL: “I applaud your Fidelity qualification. It's been a long time since I have seen any journalist doing an introspection like this.”
Alan: Your stance on Fidelity is really thoughtful. Thanks for sharing and bravo for leaving behind a relatively easy monthly ‘news’ cycle.”
"Cindy: “Please don't pander to tech VCs in deciding what to publish. Term Sheet shouldn't be a marketing arm for unicorns and their investors. If unicorns want the publicity of a high valuation but not the criticism, then they can choose to be more transparent or allow speculation based on info available.”"
 Fred on Bain Capital's management and branding changes: “It feels to me like they are getting ready for an IPO.
" Two emails on the Dan Lyons book and Hubspot. Paul: “Of course there is immaturity at Hubspot - there is immaturity at every tech company ever created. But I know people who work there who truly believe it is the job of their lives, so it is tough to see someone trying to rip into that. It makes me wonder that maybe the author just didn't fit in. (e.g., maybe the problem was actually him -- not his age, etc.)."
"TD: “I don't see any irony in Hubspot having sales reps to close ― all leads do, indisputably, come from inbound leads created by the content, brand and buzz they have created. Just because they are closed by a sales force doesn't invalidate the generation of the lead.”"
" Luxe Valet Inc., a San Francisco-based app for on-demand valet parking, has raised $50 million in new VC funding at a $110 million pre-money valuation. Hertz Global Holdings led the round, and was joined by return backers Redpoint Ventures and Venrock. www.luxe.co"
" MedDay, a Paris-based developer of treatments for CNS disorders, has raised €34 million in Series B funding. Edmond de Rothschild Investment Partners led the round, and was joined by Bpifrance and return backers Sofnnova Partners and InnoBio. www.medday-pharma.co"
" STAT-Diagnostica, a Spanish medical diagnostics company, has raised €25 million in Series C funding. Gilde Healthcare led the round, and was joined by return backers Kurma Partners, Ysios Capital, Idinvest Partners, Boehringer Ingelheim, Caixa Capital and Axis. www.stat-diagnostica.co"
" Eloquii, a New York-based e-commerce company focused on fast fashion for plus-sized women, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Acton Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by Wildcat Capital Management, Blue Sky Venture Capital and return backers Greycroft Partners, Daher Capital and Female Founders Fund. www.eloquii.co"
" Marxent, a Dayton, Ohio-based provider of VR and AR for retailers and manufacturers, has raised $10 million in Series B funding co-led by Detroit Venture Partners and Stage 1 Ventures. www.marxentlabs.co"
" Even, an Oakland-based fintech startup focused on cash advances, has raised $9 million in VC funding. Backers include Khosla Ventures, Qualcomm Ventures, Camp One Ventures, BoxGroup, Homebrew Ventures, Henry Kravis and Allen & Co. Read more"
" Luka, a San Francisco-based iOS messaging app that utilizes AI, has raised $4.42 million in Series A funding. Sherpa Capital led the round, and was joined by Y Combinator, Ludlow Ventures and Justin Waldron. www.luka.a"
" Keranova, a French developer of instruments for ophthalmic surgery, has raised €4 million in Series A funding. Mérieux Développement led the round, and was joined by CEA Investissement and return backer Bpifrance. www.keranova.f"
" Homemade, an app that “lets home cooks make money cooking for their neighbors,” has raised $2.1 million in seed funding. Backers include Rostrum Capital, Scrum Ventures, Slow Ventures, Third Kind Venture Capital and XG Ventures. Read more"
" Cambrooke Therapeutics Inc., an Ayer, Mass.-based maker of medical nutrition products, has raised an undisclosed of Series C funding. Seventure Partners led the round, and was joined by return backer Galen Partners. www.cambrooke.co"
" Aquiline Capital Partners has agreed to acquire Simply Business, a British digital SME insurance distributor, from AnaCap Financial Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.xbridge.co"
" Diversis Capital has acquired a majority of the assets of Caligor Rx Inc., a Secaucus, N.J.-based provider of clinical supply chain maximization solutions for pharma and biotech companies. No financial terms were disclosed. www.caligorrx.co"
" Steve Kaplan, a co-founder of Oaktree Capital Management, is part of an investor group that “is close” to acquiring a 75% stake in British Premier League club Swansea City, at an enterprise value of around $200 million, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" NetPlus, a Gaithersburg, Md.-based portfolio company of StoneCalibre, has acquired Amtel Inc., a Santa Clara, Calif.-based provider of SaaS solutions for enterprise mobility and expense management. No financial terms were disclosed. www.netplustms.co"
" Wind Point Partners has acquired Evans Food Group, a Chicago-based maker of branded and private-label pork rind snacks. No financial terms were disclosed. www.evansfood.co"
" Woodbury Health Products Inc., a Floral Park, N.Y.-based portfolio company of MTS Health Investors, has acquired certain assets of Advanced Medical Group LLC, a Suwanee, Ga.-based distributor of home urological supplies. No financial terms were disclosed. www.woodburyproducts.co"
" Z Capital Partners has agreed to acquire the Pink Taco restaurant brand, and merge it with existing portfolio company Real Mex Restaurants Inc. No financial terms were disclosed. www.zcap.ne"
" American Renal Associates Holdings, a Beverly, Mass.-based dialysis services provider, has set its IPO terms to 7.5 million shares being offered at between $20 and $23 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $639 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol ARA, with BofA Merrill Lynch, Barclays and Goldman Sachs serving as lead underwriters. It reports $16 million of net income on $561 million in net patient revenue (revenue minus uncollectable accounts) for 2014. Centerbridge Capital Partners holds a 79.6% pre-IPO stake. www.americanrenal.co"
" J. Jill Group, a Quincy, Mass.-based women’s apparel retailer purchased last year by TowerBrook Capital Partners, has hired BofA Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley and Jefferies Group to underwrite a possible IPO, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" SecureWorks, an Atlanta-based cybersecurity unit of Dell Inc., has set its IPO terms to 9 million shares being offered at between $15.50 and $17.50 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $1.87 billion if it were to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SCWX, with BofA Merrill Lynch listed as left lead underwriter. SecureWorks reports a $57.5 million net loss on $245 million in revenue for the first nine months of 2015, compared to a $29.5 million net loss on $191 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Read more"
" Viamet Pharmaceuticals Holdings, a Durham, N.C.-based developer of inhibitors of validated metalloenzymes, has filed for a $100 million IPO. The company previously filed for a $75 million floatation in 2014, but withdrew its offering later that year. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol VMET, with Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs serving as lead underwriters. Viamet has raised over $150 million in VC funding from firms like Novartis Bioventures (12.9% pre-IPO stake), Lilly Ventures (11.3%), Hatteras Venture Partners (7.8%) and Intersouth Partners (6.3%). www.viamet.co"
 Advent International has completed its previously-announced sale of Dominican airport group Aerodom to Vinci Airports for an undisclosed amount. www.adventinernational.co
" CaixaBank (BME: CABK) has agreed to acquire a 20% stake in Portuguese bank Banco BPI from Isabel dos Santos, which would bring the Spanish firm’s total ownership up to 64%. Read more"
" Canadian Pacific (TSX: CP) has ended its efforts to acquire Norfolk Southern (NYSE: NCS), whose shareholders last year had rejected a takeover bid valued at $30 billion plus “contingent value rights.” Read more"
" HNA Group, the Chinese owner of Hainan Airlines, has offered to acquire GateGroup Holding (SWX: GATE), a Swiss provider of airline catering and logistics services, for approximately $1.5 billion. Read more"
" Standard Chartered (LSE: STAN) is seeking to sell upwards of $4.4 billion in Asia assets, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Vamos, a Berlin-based event discovery platform, has acquired Fanmiles, a Berlin-based loyalty rewards platform that connects fans with entertainment and sports celebrities. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group has closed its second fund dedicated to investing in North American power generation, with more than $1.5 billion in capital commitments. www.carlyle.co"
" Octopus Ventures, a London-based VC firm, has raised £100 million in new capital commitments for its evergreen early-stage fund. www.octopusventures.co"
" Upside, a seed-stage VC firm led by former First Round partner Kent Goldman, has closed its second fund with $44 million in capital commitments. www.upsidevc.co"
" Seth Carpenter, former assistant U.S. Treasury secretary for financial markets, has joined hedge fund firm Rokos Capital Management. Read more"
 David Enriquez has joined the NYC Comptroller’s Office as senior investment officer for private equity. He previously was an M&A banker with Rothschild
" Newt Gingrich has joined JAM Capital Partners, a Georgia-based private equity firm focused on minority and majority investments in Southeastern U.S. lower middle market businesses. Yes, the man who promoted this video during the 2008 campaign has now joined a private equity firm"
" Michael Gladys has left the California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS), where he had worked on private equity investments since 2009, according to Private Equity International. No word yet on his future plans"
" The Halifax Group, a Washington, D.C.-based private equity firm, has promoted three investors to partners and members of its investment committee: Scott Van Duinen, Scott Plumridge and Chris Cathcart. www.thehalifaxgroup.co"
" Denise Kelly has joined France-based Seventure Partners as an investor advisor. She previously was CEO at GT Biologics and has spent decades as a professor of immunology and microbiology at the University of Aberdeen. Seventure also has added Oxana Kukhaneva, previously an investment manager with Inventages Venture Capital, as a venture partner. www.seventure.co"
" NASDAQ has named Jeff Thomas as a West Coast VP of listings. He previously was president of liquidity solutions, and is a onetime SecondMarket executive. www.nasdaq.co"
 Ram Velidi has joined LiveOak Venture Partners as a Dallas-based venture partner. He previously was managing director of Peroba Capital and is a former Sevin Rosen Funds investor. Read more
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Good morning. Here’s some news:
Notable exit: Loews Corporation has agreed to buy Consolidated Container Company from Bain Capital for $1.2 billion. Bain acquired the company in 2012 for $800 million from Vestar Capital Partners. (Vestar had owned the asset since 1997.)
"Rough math says Bain’s getting a 1.5x return, though that’s not taking into account what Bain spent rolling up two smaller competitors: Envision Plastics Industries LLC and Ecoplast Corp."
"Bain began shopping the asset in September of last year, initially asking for $1.5 billion, according to Bloomberg. Read more here."
"Notable CFO shortage: One thing holding tech’s billion-dollar startups back from going public? A Chief Financial Officer, according to The Information. Experienced tech CFOs are getting out of the game after taking their companies public, joining corporate boards, rather than taking on new roles at startups. From The Information:"
"The list of companies considered potential IPO candidates that don’t have CFO hires is long, and includes Tanium, Qualtrics, Cloudflare, Anaplan, Stitch Fix, Illumio, Gusto, Freshdesk and Jam City. Some of the largest private companies like Uber and Slack also have notably still not hired CFOs."
"Valley die-hards – the investment firms that refuse to open satellite offices in New York or Boston or L.A., say they don’t want to go to a board meeting they can’t drive to, and believe all the good deals will find to them on Sand Hill Road eventually – may scratch their heads at this problem."
"One longstanding argument in favor of starting your company in the Bay Area (or moving it there later) is not just the region’s wealth of engineering talent. You can find that in Montreal or Columbus or Chattanooga, too. It’s that San Francisco has a roster of crucial business executives who have experience scaling a product into a massive technology company. Chris Dixon of Andreessen Horowitz made this point clearly: “You can just pull them off the shelf and slot them in.”For now, the CFO shelves are looking bare and tech companies are looking to non-traditional candidates…"
"Notable leverage surplus: Leverage on deals is creeping up, according to Reuters. A third of buyout loans in the first quarter had more than 7x leverage. That’s the second-highest level since just before the financial crisis in 2007, when more than half of private equity deals had leverage about 7x."
"Notable tax move: Reversions are the new inversions. If the House tax proposal’s border adjustment tax happens, that’s going to hurt a lot of companies with U.S. customers. Tax experts are expecting some of them to acquire U.S. companies to get around that problem, according to CNBC: “Several mergers and acquisitions advisors who requested anonymity said they've already been speaking with clients about a similar strategy.”"
"Notable broken deal: LeEco has called off its $2 billion acquisition of TV maker Vizio, which should come as no surprise to Term Sheet readers because we’ve been predicting it since last fall. The company blamed regulatory headwinds for the broken deal, which could very well be the case, but it doesn’t help that LeEco is also facing a huge cash crunch (its CEO told employees last year that LeEco has “big company disease.”)"
"Before LeEco Vizio offered Vizio $2 billion, it was on track to go public. The company was only shooting for a $1 billion valuation in its IPO. Variety reports that the company isn’t likely to resume its IPO plans given the recent turmoil at fellow gadget company GoPro."
"Notable data point: Given the excitement around IPOs (A VC recently declared on CNBC that this would be the best year for IPOs since the dotcom boom!), I wondered the Q1 data might show we crossed some kind of unicorn threshold, where more billion-dollar companies exited than new ones were given billion-dollar valuations. Alas, data released this morning from CB Insights shows the Age of Unicorns is still going strong. According to CB Insights, six billion-dollar companies exited, but 10 new ones were given their horns. (Note: A sub-billion-dollar exit counts if the company was once valued above $1 billion, as with Amazon’s deal for Souq.com.)"
"The data also shows a slowdown in early stage investing, which doesn’t match the anecdotal evidence I saw last week: “Early-stage deal share also fell to a 8-quarter low of 24%, while later-stage deal share climbed to a high of 11%.”"
 Can a popular movement save net neutrality
 The entrepreneur ranking tech companies by diversity
 The fight over the future of craft beer
 Sales of Ivanka Trump’s clothing soared last year
 Uber drivers aren’t worried about self-driving cars
…AND ELSEWHERE
Hackathon hustlers making a living from corporate coding contests. Against the gig economy. Blue Apron profits. Corporate greed and lust bred at Harvard Business School. The airline consolidation of power. Twitter shareholders will vote on a proposal to turn the company into a co-operative owned by users.  Contractors and the world of work in the video game industry. The tiny family-owned newspaper that won a Pulitzer for taking on big business. Trump’s golf getaways.
" Mobvoi, a Shanghai, China-based AI company developing peech recognition technology, raised $180 million in Series D funding, according to China Money Network. Volkswagen Group China, a subsidiary of Volkswagen (XTRA:VOW3), led the round. Read more"
" Kymeta, a Redmond, Wash. developer of satellite communication antennas and systems backed by Bill Gates and Lux Capital, among other investors, raised $73.5 million in new funding, according to an SEC filing"
" Branch, a Palo Alto, Calif. startup that helps developers build links connecting websites and apps, raised $60 million in Series C funding from Playground Ventures, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Simple Contacts, a New York mobile app that allows users to renew their contact lens prescriptions, raised $8 million in Series A funding. Goodwater Capital led the round, and was joined by Justin Kan, Notation Capital, Autonomous Ventures, and Steven Cohen. Read more at Fortune"
" Mylio, a Bellevue, Wash. provider of a subscription photo management software, raised $25 million in funding from an undisclosed Chinese company"
" Ninjacart, a Indian online platform that connects farmers, manufacturers, and brands, raised Rs 37 crore ($5.5 million) in funding, according to the Economic Times. Investors include Mistletoe, NRJN Family Trust, Accel Partners, Qualcomm Ventures, and M&S Partners. Read more"
" Beamery, a London provider of recruiting software, raised $5 million in funding. Index Ventures led the round, and was joined by Edenred Capital Partners, GP Ventures, and LocalGlobe"
" Fleet, an Adelaide-based satellite company, raised A$5 million ($3.8 million) in funding, according to Mashable. Investors include Blackbird Ventures, Atlassian co-founder Mike Cannon-Brookes, and Horizon Partners. Read more"
" Smart Sparrow, a San Francisco educational technology company, raised $4 million in funding. Investors include Moelis Australia Asset Management, OneVentures, and Uniseed"
" Jetty, a New York insurtech startup, raised $4 million in seed funding, according to the Chicago Business Journal. Investors include Ribbit Capital, Box Group, Social Capital, SV Angel, Red Swan, MetaProp NYC, and Solon Mack Capital. Read more"
" Popular Pays, a Chicago marketplace that connects brands with influencers, raised about $3 million in Series A funding, according to the Chicago Tribune. GoAhead Ventures led the round, and was joined by Pallasite Ventures and Hyde Park Angels. Read more"
" Ortho Kinematics‚ an Austin, Texas healthcare diagnostics company, raised $18.6 million in Series D funding from undisclosed investors. Read more"
" CVC, Carlyle, Advent and Bain Capital are among the bidders expected to make an offer to buy The Body Shop, a London-based skin-care line, from L'Oréal, according to the Financial Times. The cosmetics giant is working with Lazard on the sale process, which it hopes will value the business at as much as €1 billion ($1.1 billion). Read more"
" Palladium Equity Partners invested in Kar Nut Products Company, a Madison Heights, Mich. manufacturer of branded trail mix. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" AEA Investors recapitalized National Carwash Solutions, a Grimes, Iowa-based provider of car wash operating services. [A previous version of this item misidentified where National Carwash Solutions is headquartered."
" North Bridge Growth Equity made a $60 million minority investment in Lucid, a New Orleans audience platform"
" Volta Global invested in Context, a New York City unisex health and beauty brand"
" Cérélia Group, a French producer of chilled dough backed by IK Investment Partners, acquired English Bay Batter, a Vancouver-based bakery business that makes pastries sold across North America. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" LeEco announced its planned $2 billion acquisition of Vizio, an Irvine, Calif.-based high-definition TV manufacturer, has fallen apart due to “regulatory headwinds.” Read more at Fortune"
" Jana Partners has taken a 9% stake in Whole Foods (Nasdaq:WFM). As the company’s second largest shareholder, the activist investor could push Whole Foods to sell itself. Read more at Fortune"
 Supervalu (NYSE:SVU) agreed to buy Unified Grocers for $375 million (or about $114 million in cash and $261 million in net debt.
" Unic Capital Management, a subsidiary of Sino IC Capital, agreed to acquire Xcerra (Nasdaq:XCRA) for $580 million in cash"
" Harland Clarke Holdings agreed to buy RetailMeNot (NasdaqGS:SALE) for about $555 million. At $11.60 per share, the offer represents a 49.7% on RetailMeNot’s Monday close. Read more at Fortune"
" Microsoft (Nasdaq:MSFT) agreed to acquire Deis, which specializes in software containers. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Read more at Fortune"
" Magic Leap, a Dania Beach, Fla.-based mixed reality computing platform, acquired FuzzyCube Software, a Dallas game studio, according to Business Insider. Read more"
" Altice USA, the U.S. arm of French cable company Altice, filed plans to go public. The Wall Street Journal reports the offering could raise more than $1 billion, valuing the company at $20 billion. BC Partners and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board own 30% of Altice USA and may sell as much 10%. The IPO will be led by Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley. Read more"
" Atkins Nutritional Holdings, which sells low-carb packaged foods and is owned by Roark Capital Management, agreed to go public by merging with blank-check company Conyers. The combined company will be called Simply Good Foods, and plans to trade on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol SMPL. As part of the deal, Roark Capital will exit its investment, receiving $730 million, which includes 10.3 million shares of Simply Good Foods common stock valued at $10 per share"
" Azul SA, Brazil’s third largest airline, raised $645 million in a dual initial public offering in São Paulo and New York. Read more"
" The Riverside Company sold a minority stake in the firm to Parkwood, a limited partner in multiple Riverside funds. Parkwood’s acquisition of just under 10% of the firm will be all primary capital"
" Freestyle Capital, a San Francisco, Calif.-based early-stage venture capital firm, raised $90 million for its fourth fund, according to a report on TechCrunch. Read more"
" SV Life Sciences, a Boston-based private equity and venture capital firm, has renamed itself SV Health Investors. In addition, the firm announced it raised $400 million for its sixth fund"
" Skyview Capital, a middle-market private equity firm, is launching Skyview Ventures, a venture capital arm that will focus on seed, angel, A, B, and C investment rounds. Matt Thompson will lead the investment arm"
" Edge Capital Partners promoted Whit Davis, Paul Robertson and Dennis Sabo to partner"
 Joe Vallee joined O2 Investment Partners as an associate
 Freestyle Capital promoted Jenny Lefcourt to general partner
View this email in your browser.
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. 
"E.W. Scripps yesterday announced that it will purchase the Cracked humor brand and its assets from Demand Media for $39 million in cash. As someone who grew up occasionally reading the print version of Cracked (you know, while waiting for the new issue of Mad to arrive), this one was of particular interest."
"So I spent some time on the phone with Scripps chief digital officer Adam Symson, who says that the current Cracked (now all digital) is strictly aimed at millennials and is mildly cash-flow positive with $11 million in annual revenue. It also has 20 million unique visitors per month, with average session lengths of 8 minutes (thanks, largely, to video)."
"Scripps first met with the Cracked editorial team last year after Scripps bought Midroll, a podcasting company that hosted a popular Cracked program. Soon conversations over a sale began with Demand, which perhaps felt that it didn’t have the financial resources to keep building out the brand (particularly as an over-the-top product)."
"Symson said that he thinks Scripps got a very good deal from Demand, even though he paid the equivalent of 38% of Demand’s market cap for a product that generates less than 10% of its revenue. The key, apparently, is that Demand only paid around $1 million in the first place for Cracked, with Scripps believing this to be a long-term play…"
" Update: Late last year we reported that Colorado-based VC firm Foundry Group was launching a new platform called Foundry Group Next, which would both make later-stage direct investments and also invest in third-party VC funds (75/25 split). This was in the wake of Foundry hiring former UTIMCO private markets boss Lindel Eakman"
"Now comes an SEC filing that shows Foundry Group Next is targeting $500 million, and a source saying that a sizeable first close in “imminent.” We also hear that the fund already has made four LP commitments (and warehoused them, pending the first close)."
" Calendar watch: Securities exchange operator BATS Global Markets is expected to price its IPO later this week, with some media reports suggesting that it's already oversubscribed (terms are 11.2 million shares at $17-$19). Sure this isn't the most traditional listing, given some weird IPO history with BATS and the fact that the company plans to trade... well, on itself. But if BATS can successfully price, it could be the float that breaks the IPO dam, particularly given that several other companies just launched road-shows and we've also seen a bunch of new filings/amended filings over the past week"
" Audit alert: A report from Tax Analysts says that upwards of 100 private equity firms are facing ""concentrated exam attention on their management fee waivers."" The firms reportedly represent a cross-section of private equity, in terms of both size and geography. Moreover, they began prior to the IRS issued proposed fee waiver regulations last year, and have continued into 2016"
" Donation data: VenturePAC, the political action committee of the National Venture Capital Association, has donated nearly $75,000 to political candidates since the beginning of 2015, according to FEC data. This includes $18,700 to 11 GOP candidates and $15,500 to 10 Democratic Party candidates. VenturePAC also has donated $20,000 each to GOP and Democratic Party campaign committees"
"I also did a similar analysis of the Private Equity and Growth Capital Council's donations. It has given $32,500 to 10 GOP candidates, $11,000 to four Democrats, $20,000 to GOP campaign committees and $8,500 to Democratic PACs."
" To invest or not invest... Verizon yesterday said that it would spend $300 million over the next six years to bring its Fios high-speed service to Boston. Leaving aside the fact that the actual Verizon workers are now on strike, this does seem to be a mark against those who argued that net neutrality would cause big broadband providers like Verizon to stop making new investments"
" Field of Dreams: I am once again trying to put together a team of Term Sheet readers to participate in a charity softball game at Fenway Park, to benefit an ABCD ""red shirts"" program that provides summer jobs and tutoring for low-income teenagers in the city. We haven't done this for a few years, but it's a great time (and your friends and family are invited to watch from the stands, eat free hot dogs, etc.)"
"This year's event is scheduled for Tuesday, June 28. Each game lasts about 90 minutes, and you get to hit, field and sit in the dugouts. To make sure everyone can play, the price-tag comes out to $909 per head (tax-deductible). If you are interested in participating, please let me know ASAP via email."
" 61k and counting... Every time I add another thousand Twitter followers, I ask you to join the others so we can chat/argue/joke throughout the day. Follow me @danprimack"
" Affirm, a San Francisco-based provider of micro-loans for online purchases, has raised $100 million in new VC funding at a pre-money valuation of around $700 million. Founders Fund led the round, and was joined by return backers Lightspeed Venture Partners, Spark Capital, Khosla Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, and Jefferies. The company, founded by Max Levchin, has now raised a total of $425 million in equity and debt funding. Read more"
" Ele.me, a Chinese food delivery service, has raised $1.25 billion from Alibaba Group and its Ant Financial unit. Read more"
" Kala Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Waltham, Mass.-based developer of ophthalmic products based on muscle-penetrating particle technology, has raised $68 million in Series C funding. Longitude Capital led the round, and was joined by OrbiMed Advisors, Vivo Capital, CAM Capital, RA Capital Management, Wellington Management, Polaris Partners, Lux Capital and CVF LLC. www.kalarx.co"
" Vacasa, a Portland, Ore.-based tech-enabled vacation rental platform, has raised $35 million in VC funding led by Level Equity. www.vacasa.co"
" Nauto, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based autonomous vehicle technology startup, has raised $12 million in new VC funding. Playground Global led the round, and was joined by Draper Nexus. www.nauto.co"
" Nodesource, a San Francisco-based provider of enterprise-grade solutions for Node.js development and operations, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. RRE Ventures led the round, and was joined by Crosslink Capital and Resolute.vc. www.nodesource.co"
" CloudEndure, an Israel-based provider of live-migration and disaster recovery solutions, has raised $6 million in new Series B funding. The company previously announced a $7 million first close from Infosys and Magma Venture Partners. www.cloudendure.co"
" Apollo Global Management is teaming with Brazil-based miner Vale to bid on the Brazilian niobium and phosphates business of Angelo American (LSE: AAL), according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at around $1 billion. Read more"
" BC Partners and Nordic Capital have been short-listed in the auction for Dermapharm, a German generic drug-maker that could be sold for around $1.3 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Centerbridge Capital Partners is partnering with Deutsche Telekom (DB: DTE) on a bid for Tipico, a German private sports betting group, according to Reuters. Centerbridge would take a majority stake in Tipico, which is being sold by its founders in a deal that could be worth upwards of $1.1 billion. Read more"
" Data Device Corp., a Bohemia, N.Y.-based portfolio company of Behrman Capital, has agreed to acquire the Microelectronics business unit of Maxwell Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq: MXWL) for $21 million. www.ddc-web.co"
" The Halifax Group has sponsored a management recapitalization of Familia Dental Group Holdings LLC, a Chicago-based dental services organization. No financial terms were disclosed. www.familiadental.co"
" Investindustrial has agreed to acquire a 60% stake in Artsana SpA, an Italian baby and healthcare products brand, at an enterprise value of around €1.3 billion. Read more"
" Schweiger Dermatology Group LLC, a provider of medical, cosmetic and surgical dermatology services in New York and New Jersey, has raised $35 million in private equity funding led by LLR Partners. www.schweigerderm.co"
" TowerBrook Capital Partners has agreed to sponsor a spin-out of TriMedx, an Indianapolis-based provider of healthcare technology management services, from nonprofit health system Ascension. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which includes a new long-term customer contract between TriMedx and Ascension. www.trimedx.co"
 No IPO news this morning
" Berkshire Partners has sold Tower Development Corp., a Boston-based developer of wireless communications infrastructure in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, to Crown Castle International Corp. (NYSE: CCI) for approximately $461 million in cash"
" Pegasystems Inc. (Nasdaq: PEGA) has acquired OpenSpan Inc., an Atlanta-based provider of robotic process automation and workforce analytics software. No financial terms were disclosed. OpenSpan had raised around $24 million in VC funding from firms like In-Q-Tel, FTVentures, Globespan Capital Partners, Matrix Partners, Sigma Partners and Imlay Investments. www.pegasystems.co"
" Shanghai Jahwa United Co. (SHSE:600315), a Chinese chemicals company, is in talks to acquire British baby products maker Tommee Tippee from 3i Group for nearly £300 million, according to Sky News. Read more"
" Shopify (NYSE: SHOP) has agreed to acquire Kit CRM, a San Francisco-based virtual assistant app to help entrepreneurs with sales and marketing. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include SGH Capital and Visionnaire Ventures. www.shopify.co"
" TPG Capital has hired Bank of America to help find a buyer for Vertafore Inc., a Bothell, Wash.-based provider of insurance industry software, according to Reuters. The deal could value Vertafore at around $2.5 billion (including debt). Read more"
 Anheuser-Busch InBev has agreed to buy Virginia-based craft brewer Devils Backbone Brewing Co. for an undisclosed amount. Read more
" McCormick & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MKC) has withdrawn its $2.2 billion takeover offer for Premier Foods PLC (LSE: PFD), saying that Premier was demanding too high a price. Premiere shares are down more than 30% on the news. Read more"
" Medivation (Nasdaq: MDVN), a San Francisco-based prostate cancer drug-maker currently valued at $7.5 billion, has rejected a takeover approach from Sanofi (Paris: SAN), according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Peabody Energy (NYSE: BTU), a St. Louis-based coal company, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Read more"
" Council Capital, a Nashville, Tenn.-based private equity firm focused on the healthcare sector, has closed its third fund with more than $150 million in capital commitments. www.councilcapital.co"
" Forbion Capital Partners, a life science-focused venture capital firm that invests in both Europe (70%) and North America, has closed its third fund with 183 million in capital commitments. www.forbion.co"
 GREE International has launched a $12 million VC fund focused on gaming startups. Read more
" Spark Capital is raising upwards of $500 million for its second growth equity fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.sparkcapital.co"
" John Bozalis has rejoined ORIX Leveraged Finance as a Dallas-based managing director. He had been with ORIX between 2003 and 2009, and most recently served as a senior VP with BBVA Compass. www.orix.co"
" John Clendening, former co-head of retail brokerage at Charles Schwab, has joined the board of online lender Betterment, which recently raised $100 million in new VC funding. Read more"
 Dan Graves has joined M&A advisory firm Signal Hill as a New York-based managing director and member of its sponsor coverage group. He previously founded Spinnaker Capital Advisors. www.signalhill.co
 Ryan Kruizenga has joined Arthur Ventures as a Minneapolis-based partner. He previously was a vice president with Mainsail Partners. www.arthurventures.co
 Tyler Scriven has joined Techstars Atlanta as a director. He previously was chief of staff and head of operations at Palantir Technologies. www.techstars.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some notes to kick off your Thursday:
" Academia: A lot of you have questioned Yale University's claim that its venture capital portfolio has generated a 92.7% per annum return over the past 20 years. So we've gotten some more clarification from David Swensen, Yale's chief investment officer"
"As we suspected, this is a dollar-weighted IRR rather than time-weighted. Were it to have been time-weighted, the figure would have dropped to 32.2%. And, of course, no compounding at the 92.7% rate as ""such a calculation assumes reinvestment of all proceeds from the portfolio during the period at the same rate of return for the remainder of the period."""
"For the record, Yale does use time-weighting for assessing performance of its marketable securities (i.e., assets that the school can choose when to buy and sell)."
More context from Swensen:
"""The Internet boom comprises the beginning of the 20-year period in question, during which Yale’s venture capital portfolio generated triple-digit single-year IRRs in three of its first five years, culminating in a 701.0% IRR in fiscal year 2000. Given the mathematics of the IRR calculation, a spectacular first five years of performance will have significant influence over the IRR of any longer term period. An anomalous period such as the Internet boom highlights this limitation of the use of IRRs, which is why we use several metrics to analyze the portfolio’s performance. In addition to the IRR, we consider net multiples of invested capital, dollar gains, and various other metrics. That said, we believe that dollar-weighted IRRs, though imperfect, are more appropriate than traditional time-weighted returns for the performance analysis of illiquid portfolios. Furthermore, utilizing dollar-weighted IRRs allows Yale to benchmark its performance in an apples-to-apples fashion using data services such those provided by Cambridge Associates, which generally report pooled IRRs."""
" New firm alert: Align Capital Partners has been launched as a small-cap private equity firm by a trio of Riverside Company investors: Chris Jones and Steve Dyke, both Cleveland-based Riverside partners who have been with the firm for more than a decade, and Dallas-based Riverside principal Rob Langley"
"Jones says that the split with Riverside is amicable, with all three agreeing to continue working on certain existing portfolio company obligations (in fact, two of them worked on a bolt-on that was announced just last week). Their departure, he adds, is mostly based on the trio's desire to do small acquisitions ― companies with between $3 million and $10 million of EBITDA ― that now fall below the typical threshold of Riverside, whose latest small cap fund is coming in at well over $500 million."
"No word on Align's debut fund size target (Capstone Partners is serving as placement agent), but Align does have verbal equity and debt commitments that would enable it to do some pre-fund purchases."
" Today in Theranos: Elizabeth Holmes may go from being criticized by federal regulators to being banned by them. That's according to the WSJ, which reports that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services sent Theranos a letter on March 18, which said it plans to revoke a federal license for the company's flagship California lab, and also prevent Holmes and Theranos president Sunny Balwani from owning or running any lab for at least two years (including its Arizona facility)"
"Theranos, per usual, is saying that this will blow over as it has addressed regulator concerns. Then again, the company has been wrong about that in the past."
"As we wait for the latest bad blood to drip, three questions spring to mind: (1) Can Theranos survive without Holmes? Leaving aside the operational issues, she is believed to own over half the company -- could she just put it in some sort of passive trust? And just how passive? Would she really just spend two years at the beach, or would she be like an ejected baseball manager, still barking orders from behind the dugout door? (2) How much cash does Theranos still have on hand? We have no record of it raising new capital in the seven months or so since regulators honed in, and it's hard to imagine that investors are lining up right now. (3) Why hasn't CMS closed its leaks to the WSJ? I don't know the paper's primary source, but this is now looking like the regulators want these private letters out in the open. Unless it's a disgruntled Theranos employee, in which case the same general question applies..."
" Update: One of today's largest VC deals is a $40 million round for Quartet Health, led by Google Ventures. This is the New York-based startup that is seeking to integrate mental and physical healthcare, which I wrote about back in February. Here is that original story"
" Game Time: Want to play softball at Fenway Park on June 28, as part of a charity event to benefit a nonprofit that provides summer jobs and tutoring for low-income teenagers in Boston? Please let me know via email, as we're putting together a Term Sheet team. It's not cheap, but it should be an amazing experience. Also please let me know if you work at a firm that would like to sponsor players.."
" McDonald’s Corp. (NYSE: MCD) is in talks to sell its 2,800 North Asia restaurants to a private equity firm, according to Reuters. Possible suitors reportedly include Bain Capital, MBK Partners, China Resources (Holdings) and TPG Capital. Read more"
" Nexthink, a UK-based provider of end-user IT analytics, has raised $40 million in new VC funding. Highland Europe led the round, and was joined by Waypoint Capital and return backers Auriga Partners and Galeo Ventures. www.nexthink.co"
" Quartet Health, a New York-based tech startup focused on integrating behavioral and physical healthcare, has raised $40 million in Series B funding. Google Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Oak HC/FT Partners, F-Prime Capital Partners, and Polaris Partners. Read more"
" Poshmark, a Redwood City, Calif.-based community marketplace for fashion, has raised $25 million in new VC funding. GGV Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Mayfield, Menlo Ventures, Inventus Capital, Union Grove Venture Partners, Shea Ventures, Angellist and SoftTech VC. www.poshmark.co"
" OnShift, a Cleveland-based provider of human capital management software for post-acute care and senior living, has raised $18 million in Series D funding. Health Velocity Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Draper Triangle Ventures, Early Stage Partners, Fifth Third Capital, HLM Venture Partners, North Coast Venture Fund and West Capital Advisors. www.onshift.co"
" EdCast, a Mountain View, Calif.-based platform for distributing business and personal educational content from industry experts, has raised $16 million in new VC funding led by GE Asset Management. Read more"
" Jolata Inc., a San Jose, Calif.-based big data company designed to help large network operators visualize and optimize their global networks, has raised $7 million in second-round funding from Spirent Communications, Ericsson and return backer ATA Ventures. www.jolata.co"
" HookLogic, a New York-based provider of performance marketing solutions for brands, has raised an undisclosed amount of VC funding from LUMA Capital Partners. www.hooklogic.co"
" ATC Group Services LLC, a Sioux Falls, S.D.-based environmental consulting and industrial hygiene company, has acquired Dexter Field Services LP, an Austin, Texas-based provider of leak detection and repair and monitoring services. No financial terms were disclosed. ATC is a portfolio company of Bernhard Capital Partners. www.atcgroupservices.co"
" Energy Services Group LLC, a Rockland, Mass.-based provider of transaction management, billing and wholesale energy services to the retail energy industry, as secured an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Accel-KKR. www.energyservicesgroup.ne"
" Flipp Corp., a Toronto-based mobile consumer marketplace, has raised US$61 million in growth equity funding from General Atlantic. www.flipp.co"
" Industrial Opportunity Partners has sponsored a recapitalization of Moulure Alexandria Moulding Inc., an Ontario-based manufacturer and distributor of wood moldings and related millwork products for the Canadian and Northern U.S. residential housing markets. No financial terms were disclosed. www.alexmo.co"
" Shape Technologies Group Inc., a New York-based provider of waterjet technology and manufacturing process solutions, has acquired Tops Co. Ltd., a South Korean provider of waterjet-based solutions in the Asia-Pacific region. No financial terms were disclosed. Shape Technologies is a portfolio company of American Industrial Partners. www.waterjetholdings.co"
" Vestmark, a Boston-based provider of wealth management SaaS solutions for financial advisors and institutions, has raised $30 million in private equity funding from Summit Partners. www.vestmark.co"
" Warburg Pincus has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Reiss Holdings, a UK-based men’s and women’s fashion and accessories brand, at a £230 million enterprise value. www.warburgpincus.co"
" BATS Global Markets, a Lenexa, Kansas-based securities exchange operator, has increased the number of shares being offered in its IPO from 11.2 million to 13.3 million. It still plans to price between $17 and $19 per share. The company will list on the  BATS  Exchange under ticker symbol  BATS , with Morgan Stanley and Citigroup serving as lead underwriters. Shareholders include TA Associates (17.1% pre-IPO stake) and a group of investment banks. www.batstrading.co"
" Bavarian Nordic, a Denmark-based developer of vaccines for the prevention of life-threatening infectious diseases and the treatment of cancer, has withdrawn registration for its $86 million U.S. float, citing market conditions. The company currently is traded on the OTC BB and Nasdaq Copenhagen, with a market cap in excess of $1 billion"
" Optiv Security LLC, a Denver-based cybersecurity company backed by The Blackstone Group, has hired Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley to lead an IPO that could occur in the second half of 2016, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Gryphon Investors has hired Wells Fargo to find a buyer for SynteractHCR Inc., a Carlsbad, Calif.-based contract research organization, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at around $1.5 billion (including debt). Read more"
" Scout24 AG (DB: G24), a German online advertising company, said that existing shareholders plan to sell 12 million shares via a secondary public offering. This represents around 11.2% of the company’s outstanding stock, and will be unloaded by Hellman & Friedman, The Blackstone Group, Deutsche Telekom and German GMEP Ord. www.scout24.co"
" Vente-Privee, a French fashion e-commerce site, has acquired Spanish rival Privalia. No financial terms were disclosed, although some reports peg the price-tag at around €500 million. Vente-Privee backers include Summit Partners, while Privalia had raised around €158 million from firms like Highland Capital Partners, General Atlantic, Insight Venture Partners, La Caixa Capital Risc, Index Ventures, Nauta Capital and Sofina. Read more"
" Energy XXI (Nasdaq: EXXI), an oil and gas company with operations in Louisiana, Texas and the Gulf of Mexico, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Read more"
" J.P. Morgan Asset Management has acquired a minority equity stake in Global X Management Co., a New York-based provider of exchange-traded funds. No financial terms were disclosed. www.globalxfunds.co"
" Opus Bank (Nasdaq: OPB) has acquired PENSCO Services LLC, a tech-enabled alternative asset IRA custodian. The deal is valued at around $103 million, including $46.4 million in cash. www.opusbank.co"
" Alinda Capital Partners is raising its third private equity infrastructure fund, according to a regulatory filing. No target information was provided, but PitchBook puts the figure at $5 billion. www.alinda.co"
" Phoenix Equity Partners, a UK-based mid-market private equity firm, is raising around £500 million for a new fund, according to Private Equity International. www.phoenix-equity.co"
 Portfolio Advisors has closed its eighth private equity fund-of-funds with $1.22 billion in capital commitments. www.portad.co
" Macquarie Group this month laid off around 15% of its U.S. investment banking staff, according to Reuters. Read more"
 Aaron Rosenson has joined Israel-based Aleph Venture Capital as a partner. He previously was an associate with Insight Venture Partners. www.aleph.v
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Apologies for the late delivery, but Erin and I were doing last-minute work on a piece about the Yahoo sale process that you can read by going here."
"In short, don't believe everything you read about dozens of possible bidders. Relatively few have actually signed nondisclosure agreements and some anticipated suitors ― such as Softbank ― don't plan to push paper. Moreover, those who remain involved report that the process has been, as one private equity executive put it, ""a f--king joke."""
"All of that said, I stick with my original assessment that this is Verizon's deal to lose, but that I also wouldn't be surprised if no deal is ultimately consummated."
" Driver's seat: Last month we reported that General Motors had agreed to pay north of $1 billion in cash and stock to acquire Cruise, a San Francisco-based developer of autonomous vehicle technology. Now there is a legal question as to who stands to profit"
"A mechanical engineer named Jeremy Guillory has sued the company and its CEO, Kyle Vogt, claiming he was a 50% co-founder of Cruise (and, thus, entitled to 50% of the GM largesse). Cruise and its allies have disputed Guillory's claim ― basically saying that Guillory was just involved for a tiny period of time, before Cruise has accomplished anything ― and yesterday filed a counter-suit. It does not seem, however, that any of this will necessarily hold up GM's purchase."
" Data dispute: The WSJ yesterday got attention for a story titled ""Startup Investors Hit the Brakes,"" based on Q1 deal data from VentureSource. Namely, the figures showed a 25% decline in VC disbursements to U.S. companies between Q4 2015 and Q1 21016 (which came in at $13.9 billion)"
"This morning, MoneyTree released its own data, showing a slight uptick in deal dollars (from $12 billion to $12.1 billion), alongside a 5% drop in number of deals."
"I'm not yet sure why the two groups show such a discrepancy,  particularly given that both now include corporate VC groups, although MoneyTree excludes direct corporate investments (i.e., from Google Inc. vs. Google Ventures), and I'm not certain how each provider treats crossover investors like hedge funds and mutual funds. One other issue is that certain very large deals were put into different time periods by the two groups. Lyft's recent fundraise, for example, was listed as Q4 by VentureSource, but Q1 by MoneyTree."
" Game Time: We've got about a dozen players for our June 28 charity softball game at Fenway Park. Please email me ASAP if you want to play, as we've got to put our team together by next Friday. It costs $909 to participate, and you're promised multiple at-bats, multiple innings in the field, etc. Plus, friends and family can come watch (and eat)"
" Have a great weekend... Happy birthday M, my (literal) girl next door growing up and current private equity partner (and to think, I still remember celebrating your 5th...)"
" The Carlyle Group is in advanced talks to acquire a package of oilfield services businesses from Halliburton Co. (NYSE: HAL) and Baker Hughes Inc. (NYSE: BHI), according to the WSJ. The deal could be valued at more than $7 billion, and is designed to help the two sellers overcome U.S. regulator opposition to their planned merger. There had been prior talk that Halliburton and Baker Hughes were planning to sell the assets to General Electric (NYSE: GE). Read more"
" RigUp, an Austin, Texas-based online marketplace for oil rig projects, has raised $15 million in Series A funding. FreeS VC, Moore Capital and GE Ventures were joined by return backers Founders Fund, Box Group, and Great Oaks Venture Capital. Read more"
" TargEDys, a French developer of microbiome-based solutions for appetite regulation, has raised 5.8 million in new VC funding from Seventure Partners, NCI and Pontifax. www.targedys.co"
" DigitalGenius, an AI-enabled customer service platform, has raised $4.1 million in new VC funding. BloombergBeta, NovelTmT, Salesforce Ventures, Singularity Investments and Spider Capital were joined by return backers Lerer-Hippeau Ventures, Lowercase Capital, Metamorphic Ventures and RRE Ventures. www.digitalgenius.co"
" Yup (f.k.a. MathCrunch), a San Francisco-based mobile app that provides on-demand math tutoring, has raised $4 million in seed funding from StartX Fund and SOMA Capital. www.yup.co"
" Impraise, a mobile app for streamlining annual performance reviews, has raised $1.6 million in seed funding from Palm Drive Ventures, China Growth Capital and HenQ. Read more"
" Shuddle, a San Francisco-based car service app aimed at families and senior citizens, is ceasing operations today. In an email to users the company said: “We worked hard to find the financial resources that would allow us to continue to grow, but ultimately could not raise the funding required to continue operations.” Shuddle had raised around $12 million in VC funding from RRE Ventures, Comcast Ventures, Forerunner Ventures and Accel Partners. Read more"
" Arsenal Capital Partners has acquired a majority stake in Peterson Chemical, a Fort Smith, Ark.-based maker of polyurethane foam products. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Charterhouse Capital Partners has rejected a £300 million takeover offer from Triton Partners for British medical equipment company Turnstall Healthcare Group Ltd., according to Reuters. If Charterhouse doesn’t find a better bid, it may seek to refinance some of Turnstall’s £1.2 billion in net debt. Read more"
" General Atlantic has agreed to increase its equity stake in Brazilian brokerage XP Investimentos CCTVM SA from 33% to 49%. First, General Atlantic will acquire a 10% stake from Actis. Second, it will acquire additional shares via a new direct investment. Combined, the two transactions are valued at around $130 million. Read more"
" Permira has agreed to acquire Arcaplanet, an Italian pet supplies retailer, from Motion Equity Partners for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
" BATS Global Markets, a Lenexa, Kansas-based securities exchange operator, raised $253 million in its IPO. The company priced 13.3 million shares at $19 (high end of range). It will trade on the  BATS  Exchange under ticker symbol  BATS , with Morgan Stanley and Citigroup serving as lead underwriters. Shareholders include TA Associates (17.1% pre-IPO stake), Spectrum Equity Investors and a group of investment banks. Read more"
" Lonza Group (Swiss: LON) reportedly has expressed interest in acquiring Catalent (Nasdaq: CTLT), a Somerset, N.J.-based healthcare company that The Blackstone Group acquired from Cardinal Health in 2007 and took public in 2014. Catalent currently has a market cap of around $3.7 billion. Read more"
" Waud Capital Partners has sold its majority stake in True Partners Consulting LLC, a Chicago-based tax and business advisory, to the company’s managing directors. www.tpctax.co"
" Magic Leap, the Florida-based augmented reality startup that has raised more than $1.3 billion in VC funding, reportedly has acquired Israeli security startup NorthBit for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
 Mitel (Nasdaq: MITL) has agreed to acquire Polycom Inc. (Nasdaq: PLCM) for $1.96 billion in cash and stock. Read more
" Valeant Pharmaceuticals (NYSE: VRX) has hired Goldman Sachs and Centerview Partners to conduct a strategic review that could include the sale of non-core assets, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Brookfield Capital Partners has closed on $3.38 billion for its fourth distressed private equity fund, according to a regulatory filing. The Toronto-based firm may still be in market, as other public documents suggest a $3.5 billion target. www.brookfield.co"
" CincyTech, an early-stage VC firm focused on companies in southwest Ohio, has closed its fourth fund with $30.75 million in capital commitments. www.cincytech.co"
" MBK Partners, an Asia-focused buyout firm, will seek up to $4 billion for its fourth fund in the second half of 2016, according to the WSJ. Pre-marketing has already begun. Read more"
" Anthony Whittemore has stepped down as co-head of Americas M&A at Deutsche Bank, according to Reuters. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some notes before I head out to cheer on thousands of sneaker-clad masochists...
" Yahoo? On Friday we reported that there wouldn't really be 40 bidders for Yahoo come today's first-round deadline. In fact, we suggested that the actual number would come in below ten"
"Maybe we were even a bit too optimistic. The WSJ reported late last night that several strategic suitors ― including at least two that held face-to-face meetings with Yahoo management ―have bailed. Among those listed by WSJ were Google parent Alphabet, AT&T, Comcast, IAC/Interactive and Fortune parent Time Inc."
"Still in the mix is front-runner Verizon, along with likely solo bids from private equity firms KKR and TPG Capital (both of which would tap LP co-invests) and a private equity pairing of Bain Capital with Vista Equity Partners. It's also possible that The Daily Mail could still hook up with one of those financial bidders, or one that hasn't yet been publicly mentioned."
"One thing I do wonder is if Verizon may be getting any cold feet about a deal that almost certainly would require massive layoffs, at the very time when it is in the midst of the nation's largest labor strike in years..."
" Two other quick thoughts: (1) Yahoo caught a very bad timing break in that Silver Lake likely would have taken a more serious look, if not for its ongoing focus on (and commitment to) the Dell-EMC transaction. (2) Starboard Value is indirectly to blame for how messy this process became, with Yahoo believing it needed to have its bankers contact far more potential buyers than is normal, so as to head of possible accusations of running a noncompetitive auction"
" Golden gate: Today's big deal is that The Capital Partnership has agreed to acquire Northgate, the California-based venture capital and private equity fund-of-funds and direct investment manager with $4.8 billion in assets under management"
"The press release says that Capital Partnership (based in London and Dubai) will acquire 100% in Northgate from India's Religare Enterprises and Northgate management, but I'm told that the ""100%"" part is related to drag-along rights without the existing Religare contract. Northgate management, via an ESOP plan, is expected to soon own more of Northgate than it had previously."
" Today in Theranos: Elizabeth Holmes sat down for a taped interview with The Today Show's Maria Shriver, which aired this morning. In it, the Theranos founder and CEO said that she is ""devastated that we did not catch and fix these issues faster,"" but that she has ""no doubt"" her blood-testing startup will survive. She and the company continue to await word from regulators as to if the latest fixes to its California facility are sufficient, and if she and her company's president will be allowed to continue running the business"
" Shutting Shuddle: On Friday we mentioned the demise of Shuddle, a VC-backed  car service app aimed at families and senior citizens. I reached out to VC backer Kirsten Green (Forerunner Ventures) to ask what happened and if there were lessons to be learned for other service startups and their investors. Her reply, in part"
"""We  made what I would characterize as incredible strides towards demonstrating the demand and validity of the business model, in the last 6 months in particular, but we failed to secure capital given:"
"1. Fears of competition. This was particularly frustrating as this concern had as much to do with missing the true product we were offering as anything.  Shuddle  was not another on-demand company (by definition it was not on-demand) and more importantly it was not just a transportation service but more a family service than anything, along the lines of Care.com or UrbanSitter..."
"2. Perception that this was a 1% product. Not true if you looked at who the users were. And even than, yes, prices were higher than ideal. Instead of falsely pricing a product and subsidizing the other half of the equation (drivers), we chose to consider legit contribution margins, but they would come down in time with scale.."
"To me there is a clear ‘lesson’ of late, which I believe we identified in the process of creating priorities at  Shuddle : balance growth aspirations with business model validation.  What good is demonstrating demand if you are unlikely to be able to offer the service at that price in the future?  Last year investors were turned on by growth, this year people want to understand how and when you will make money - which I am all in favor of! Also worth noting that my inbox was flooded yesterday with parents expressing disappointment, despair, frustration that the service would be no longer."" "
" The Capital Partnership (based in London and Dubai) has agreed to acquire 100% of the ownership in Northgate Capital, a California-based venture capital and private equity fund-of-funds and direct investment manager with $4.8 billion in AUM, from India’s Religare and certain members of Northgate’s management team. No financial terms were disclosed. www.northgatecapital.co"
" Transactis, a New York-based provider of electronic billing and payment solutions, has raised $30 million in Series E funding from Capital One, Fifth Third, PNC, TD Bank, Wells Fargo and Safeguard Scientifics. www.transactis.co"
" ClassDojo, a San Francisco-based online platform for teachers to share behavioral and other classroom information with parents, has raised $21 million in Series B funding. General Catalyst led the round, and was joined by GSV Capital, Reach Capital and SignalFire. www.classdojo.co"
" HomeToGo, a New York-based search engine for vacation rentals, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. Insight Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers DN Capital and Acton Capital Partners. www.hometogo.co"
" Jugnoo, an on-demand auto-rickshaw ride service in India, has raised $10 million in Series B funding. Backers include Snow Leopard, Rocketship.vc and Paytm. Read more"
" Konux, a German industrial IoT startup, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from New Enterprise Associates, VC MIG, UnternehmerTUM and individual angels like Andy Bechtolsheim. www.konux.co"
" Beekeeper, a platform for mobile workforces, has raised $5 million in VC funding. FYRFLY Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by b-to-v Partners, Polytech Ecosystem Ventures and individual angels. www.beekeeper.i"
" TabMo, a French mobile marketing company, has raised €4 million from Ardian and Generis Capital. www.tabmo-group.i"
" Chuze Fitness, a San Diego-based fitness chain, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Main Post Partners. www.chuzefitness.co"
" Elite Comfort Solutions, a foam platform sponsored by Arsenal Capital Partners, has acquired certain foam production assets from North Carolina-based Hickory Springs Manufacturing Co. for an undisclosed amount. www.arsenalcapital.co"
" Forterra Building Products, a portfolio company of Lone Star Funds, has acquired U.S. Pipe, a Birmingham, Ala.-based provider of ductile iron pipe products for water distribution and water management applications in North America, from Wynnchurch Capital and Comvest Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.uspipe.co"
" Janalakshmi Financial Services Ltd., an Indian microfinance group, has raised $150 million in new equity funding. TPG Capital led the round, and was joined by fellow return backers Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia, Havells India, and Vallabh Bhansali. The company also announced $60 million in secondary equity transactions that will provide partial liquidity to some existing investors. www.janalakshmi.co"
" Mister Car Wash, a Tucson, Ariz.-based portfolio company of Leonard Green & Partners, has acquired seven Venture Car Wash locations in Mississippi. No financial terms were disclosed. www.mistercarwash.co"
 Macquarie Group has agreed to acquire the Maher Terminals New Jersey container terminal business from Deutsche Bank’s RREEF infrastructure investment unit. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more
" Patriot Environmental Services, a Los Angeles-based provider of environmental services in the Western U.S., has raised an undisclosed amount of growth capital financing led by Angeleno Group and existing backer Solace Capital Partners. www.patriotenvironmental.co"
" PDC Brands, a Stamford, Conn.-based portfolio company of Yellow Wood Partners, has acquired Original Additions, a UK-based maker of beauty accessory brands, from LDC. No financial terms were disclosed. www.pdcbrandsusa.co"
" Sage Midstream Ventures, a Houston-based midstream energy infrastructure acquisition and development platform, has secured up to $500 million in equity commitments from Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners. www.sagemidstream.co"
" Vista Equity Partners has agreed to acquire CVent Inc. (NYSE: CVT), a Tysons Corner, Va.-based cloud-based enterprise event management company, for $1.65 billion in cash. The $36 per share deal represents a 69% premium over Friday’s closing price. Sellers would include Insight Venture Partners, which holds nearly a 4.4% equity stake. www.cvent.co"
" XIO Group of London has agreed to acquire J.D. Power & Associates, a Costa Mesa, Calif.-based market research firm, from McGraw Hill Financial (NYSE: MHFI) for $1.1 billion. Read more"
" BioCardia Inc., a San Carlos, Calif.-based regenerative medicine company focused on developing therapeutics for cardiovascular diseases, has withdrawn its IPO registration due to “market conditions.” The company originally filed in June 2015, with plans to price around 3.85 million shares at between $12 and $14 per share. Cantor Fizgerald was serving as lead underwriter. www.biocardia.co"
" Floor & Décor, a Smyrna, Ga.-based hard surface flooring retailer owned by Ares Management and Freeman Spogli & Co., has withdrawn registration for a $100 million IPO. No explanation was provided. The company had originally filed for its IPO in November 2014, with BofA Merrill Lynch listed as left lead underwriter. www.flooranddecoroutlets.co"
" Three companies are expected to price IPOs on U.S. exchanges this week, according to Renaissance Capital. They are: SecureWorks, American Renal Associates and MGM Growth Properties. Read more"
" Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) has acquired Croswise, an Israel-based provider of cross-device identification mapping solutions, for around $50 million. Crosswise had raised around $5 million in VC funding from firms like PErag Ventures, ZhenFund, Giza Venture Capital, OurCrowd and Horizons Ventures. Read more"
" Vestis Retail Group, a portfolio company of Versa Capital Management, announces plans to wind down retailer Sport Chalet in order to focus more resources on its Eastern Mountain Sports and Bob’s Stores brands. Vestis is a portfolio company of Versa Capital Management. www.versa.co"
" AstraZeneca (LSE: AZN) is preparing a takeover bid for Medivation (Nasdaq: MDVN), a San Francisco-based prostate cancer drug-maker that recently rejected a takeover offer from Sanofi (Paris: SAN), according to The Times of London. Medivation is currently valued at around $8.4 billion. Read more"
" Mobify, a Vancouver-based mobile customer engagement platform, has acquired Vancouver-based AI specialist Pathful, according to Fortune. Mobify recently raised C$10 million in venture funding led by Acton Capital Partners. Read more"
" Z9 Capital, a Miami-based VC firm led by Benzion Aboud, has raised $25 million for a new fund focused on South Florida-based startups. www.z9capital.co"
" Andreas Beroutsos has stepped down as EVP of private equity and infrastructure with Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec, which he joined in 2014 from McKinsey & Co. In a statement, Beroutsos said he wanted to spend more time with his family in New York. Read more"
" Stuart Gulliver will step down as CEO of HSBC in 2018, according to The Sunday Times. Read more"
 Chris Ragazzo has joined Stanwich Advisors as a managing director. He previously was a partner with Abbott Capital. www.stanwichadvisors.co
 Shravan Thadani has joined Trive Capital as a vice president. He previously was a VP with Sequel Holdings. www.trivecapital.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Yesterday we reported that California-based VC and PE fund-of-funds manager Northgate was being acquired by The Capital Partnership, an investment advisory firm and longtime Northgate investor."
"One thing that jumped out in the press release was TCP saying that it would acquire 100% on Northgate's ownership. Kind of unusual given that seller Religare Enterprises was only thought to have purchased a majority stake in Northgate six years ago (for around $200 million), and because you'd normally want firm management to have skin in the game."
"So I spoke with Ali Ojjeh, TCP's founding partner and CEO, who told me that the wording was just related to drag-along rights in the Religare agreement and that existing Northgate management would all remain (under ""long-term agreements"") and that they'd soon own more of Northgate than they had previously. ""Of course they're staying,"" Ojjeh said. ""The assets walk out the door each night."""
"And I dutifully reported those details. Soon after, however, I received a memo sent by Northgate to its limited partners, which tell a very different story."
"Specifically, the service agreements with Northgate co-founders Brent Jones and Tommy Vardell will expire by December 31. Jones and Vardell -- former NFL players who launched Northgate in 2000 -- are generally credited with helping Northgate gain access to several venture capital firms that typically are loathe to accept fund-of-funds (e.g., Sequoia Capital). Moreover, they are both key-men on existing Northgate funds."
"But they're both out at year-end, with the firm to subsequently be led by current Northgate exec Hosein Khajeh-Hoseeiny (relocating from London to Silicon Valley) and TCP's Ali Ojjeh."
"At best, this was TCP trying to mislead me (and, by extension, the market). At worst, Ojjeh lied."
"So I called him back yesterday and left a voicemail to which he didn't reply. I also spoke with TCP's head of biz dev, Laura Deitz (she was listed on the press release), who said she'd get me some answers but never did (and then didn't pick up my multiple calls). An outside TCP spokesperson finally sent over a statement saying: ""We don’t typically discuss in public the terms of partner agreements, and hope for no misunderstanding."" Except Ojjeh did discuss said terms, but not in an accurate way."
"I sent an email to Jones, who did not return my request for comment. So no word yet on what he and Vardell plan to do come 2017, or if they have non-compete agreements that restrict their movement."
"Suffice to say, Northgate -- a firm with $4.8 billion in assets under management -- is changing much more than its cap table. And some of its top assets are, indeed, walking out the door."
" New firm alert: Biomatics Capital Partners has been launched as a Seattle-based venture capital firm by Boris Nikolic (a physician and former Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation advisor who backed Editas Medicine) and Julie Sunderland (who, at last check, was director of program-related investments for the Gates Foundation). According to a regulatory filing, BCP is seeking upwards of $150 million for its debut fund"
 Quiz Time: Can you name the well-known venture capitalist who just launched a tech hedge fund on the side
 Today in Theranos: Someday this item will contain good news for the Silicon Valley blood-testing startup. But today is not that day
"The latest is that Theranos confirmed that it is the subject of a criminal investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice, while other reports say that a parallel investigation is underway at the SEC. At issue is what the company did (or perhaps didn't) tell both investors and partners (with both Walgreens and the NY State Department of Health among those receiving subpoenas). Per usual, Theranos says that it is cooperating."
" Dubai International Capital, a state-owned private equity group that once held $13 billion in assets under management, is shutting down, according to Bloomberg"
DIC plans to restructure around $2.5 billion in debt and sell its stake in British engineering firm Doncasters Group Ltd. before ending operations. It already has begun laying off staff and closing satellite offices. Read more.
" Proteus Digital Health, a Redwood City, Calif.-based digital feedback system for tracking patient health, has raised $50 million in Series H funding from undisclosed investors. Existing shareholders include Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Novartis Venture Fund, Sino Portfolio, ON Semiconductor, Adams Street Partners, Essex Woodlands and Frazier Healthcare Ventures. www.proteus.co"
" NestAway, an Indian online real estate platform, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. Tiger Global led the round, and was joined by Yuri Milner, IDG Ventures India and Sujeet Kumar. Read more"
" Ninja Logistics Pte Ltd. (a.k.a. Ninja Van), a provider of tech-enabled last-mile logistics in Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia, has raised $30 million in new VC funding. The Abraaj Group led the round, and was joined by B Capital Group, YJ Capital and return backer Monk’s Hill Ventures. www.ninjavan.s"
" Insightly, a San Francisco-based provider of online CRM solutions for small businesses, has raised $25 million in Series C funding. Scott Bommer led the round, and was joined by return backers Emergence Capital Partners, Cloud Apps Capital Partners and Sozo Ventures. www.insightly.co"
" Diamanti, a data center infrastructure startup led by former Cisco exec Jeff Chou, has raised $12.5 million in VC funding from Goldman Sachs, Charles River Ventures, Draper Fisher Jurvetson and GSR Ventures. Read more"
" Waltz Networks, a San Francisco-based startup focused on automatic real-time network control, has raised $6.75 million in Series A funding from New Enterprise Associates. It also secured $1.4 million in National Science Foundation grants. www.waltznetworks.co"
" Rinse, a San Francisco-based on-demand laundry service, has raised $6 million in Series A funding. Javelin Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Arena Ventures, Base Ventures, CAA Ventures, Accelerator Ventures, Expansion VC, Otter Rock Capital and Structure Capital. www.rinse.co"
" Sharper Shape, a provider of automated drone-based asset inspections, has raised $3.25 million in new VC funding. Straightforward Capital led the round, and was joined by consulting firm Partners in Performance. The Finland-based company has satellite offices in Palo Alto and North Dakota. www.sharpershape.co"
" Gradescope, a cloud-based educational grading platform, has raised $2.6 million in seed funding. Freestyle Capital, Bloomberg Beta, House Fund and Reach Capital were joined by return backer K9 Ventures. www.gradescope.co"
" Betaout, an India-based marketing automation platform for e-commerce companies, has raised $1.5 million in Series A funding. Backers include Beenext, Stanford Angels, Letsventure, Chennai Angels, Hyderabad Angels, Mumbai Angels and Sam Yagan. Read more"
" Apax Partners has agreed to acquire a 60% equity stake in Duck Creek Technologies, the insurance software business of Accenture (NYSE: CAN), No financial terms were disclosed. www.accenture.co"
" Bridgepoint and Summit Partners have agreed to acquire Calypso Technology Inc., a San Francisco-based provider of trading and risk management software. No financial terms were disclosed. www.calypso.co"
" Clayton Dubilier & Rice and IK Investment Partners are among several bidders heading into the final round of an auction for German sausage casings maker Kalle, which is being sold by Silverfleet Capital, according to Reuters. The company generated around €50 million in 2015 EBITDA. Read more"
" KKR is among those submitting a first-round bid for a 40% stake in Greenstone, an Australian insurance company backed by Hollard Investments, according to The Australian. Read more"
" Kohlberg & Co. has agreed to acquire The Meadows of Wickenburg LP, a Wickenburg, Ariz.-based addiction rehabilitation center, from American Capital. According to Dow Jones, the deal is valued at around $180 million, with The Meadows recording approximately $15 million in 2015 EBITDA. www.themeadows.co"
" Thomas H. Lee Partners is in “advanced talks” to acquire Give and Go Prepared Foods Corp., a Toronto-based maker of frozen and thaw baked goods that is currently owned by OMERS Private Equity, according to Reuters. The deal is expected to be worth just south of $800 million. Read more"
" Valentus Specialty Chemicals Inc., a coatings industry platform sponsored by Huron Capital Partners, has acquired the floor finishes business of Memphis, Tenn.-based Precision Technology LLC. No financial terms were disclosed. www.huroncapital.co"
" YP Holdings, a yellow pages publisher owned by Cerberus Capital Management, is among the first-round bidders for Yahoo, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Yum Brands has receives takeover interest in its China business, which operates more than 7,100 Pizza Hut and KFC locations, from an investor consortium that includes China Investment Corp., KKR and Baring Private Equity Asia, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be worth between $7 billion and $8 billion. Read more"
"  Gemphire Therapeutics Inc., a Northville, Mich.-based developer of therapies for the treatment of dyslipidemia, has filed for a $60 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol GEMP, with Jefferies and Cowen & Co. serving as lead underwriters. Shareholders in the pre-revenue company include Pfizer. www.gemphire.co"
"  PhaseRx Inc., a Seattle-based developer of products for the treatment of inherited enzyme deficiencies in the, has filed for a $30 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol PZRX, with Laidlaw & Co. serving as sole underwriter. Shareholders include 5AM Ventures, Alexandria Equities, Arch Venture Partners, Savoy Therapeutics and Versant Ventures. www.phaserx.co"
" Castle Harlan has sold Baker & Taylor Inc., a Charlotte, N.C.-based provider of print and digital books to libraries, institutions and retailers, to Follett Corp., a Westchester, Ill.-based provider of technology services and content to the education sector. No financial terms were disclosed. www.baker-taylor.co"
" BC Partners has hired Goldman Sachs to find a buyer for SGB-SMIT, a German power transformer maker, according to Reuters. The private equity firm had tried to sell the company four years ago to China’s State Grid, but that transaction failed due to “political intervention.” Read more"
" Ethicon, a medical device unit of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), has acquired NeuWave Medical Inc., a Madison, Wis.-based maker of minimally-invasive soft tissue microwave ablation systems, from H.I.G. Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.neuwavemedical.co"
" Graduateland, a Denmark-based career network, has acquired Tyba, a Madrid-based recruitment platform for junior talent. No financial terms were disclosed. Tyba had raised around $4 million in VC funding from an affiliate of the Kuwaiti Investment Authority and Sunstone Capital. Read more"
" KKR is seeking buyers for Indian drug-maker Gland Pharma Ltd., according to Reuters. Suitors could include Advent International and Baxter International (NYSE: BAX), with a deal expected to be worth between $1 billion and $1.5 billion. Read more"
" Vision Capital has hired Jefferies to find a buyer for United Initiators, a German specialty chemicals company that could be valued at more than $450 million, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Signature Healthcare Services LLC (a.k.a. Aurora Behavioral Heal Care), a Corona, Calif.-based owner and operator of 14 acute psychiatric hospitals, has hired Goldman Sachs to find a buyer for the company, according to the WSJ. Aurora reportedly generated around $130 million in 2015 EBITDA. Read more"
 Ardian has closed its seventh private equity secondaries fund with $10.8 billion in capital commitments. It also has raised around $3.2 billion for a new fund-of-funds. www.ardian.co
" Manuela Del Castillo Sposito is seeking to sell her 79% stake in Italian buyout firm Clessidra, following the January death of her husband, Clessidra founder Claudio Sposito, according to multiple media reports. One local newspaper suggested that Coller Capital and Neuberger Berman have expressed interest in the stake. Read more"
" Speyside Private Fund Advisers has closed its debut fund with $130 million in capital commitments. The firm has operated for the past decade as a fundless sponsor, focusing on special situations buyouts in the chemicals, industrials/metal forming and food ingredients sectors. www.speysideequity.co"
" Bill Berry, former CEO of American Tire Distributors, has joined private equity firm Soundcore Capital Partners as an operating partner. www.soundcorecap.co"
" Brijesh Jeevarathnam has joined Adams Street Partners as a Menlo Park, Calif.-based partner and co-head of global VC fund investments, effective June 1. He previously was with Commonfund as a managing director and co-head of global VC and global emerging markets. www.adamsstreetpartners.co"
" Christian Kleeberg has joined Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP as a Frankfurt-based partner in the law firm’s M&A and private equity practices. He previously was a partner at Taylor Wessing. www.friedfrank.co"
" Jon Nemo has joined private equity firm AE Industrial Partners as a partner. He previously was with investment bank Harris Williams & Co. as a managing director and head of its aerospace, defense and government services group. www.aeroequity.co"
" Mike Vernal is joining Sequoia Capital as a partner. He has spent the past eight years with Facebook, most recently leading search and developer products. Read more"
 Bob Beasley has joined Centerview Partners as an associate. He previously worked in the leveraged finance group of BofA Merrill Lynch. www.centerviewpartners.co
 Emily Calkins has joined Mainsail Partners as an associate. She previously worked in the private placements and growth equity capital raising unit of Credit Suisse. www.mainsailpartners.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some notes to kick off your Wednesday:
" Answer Key: Yesterday I asked you to name the well-known venture capitalist who just launched a hedge fund on the side. The anwer was Chamath Palihapitiya, a former Facebook executive and founder of venture firm Social Capital"
"Palihapitiya declined to confirm or discuss the new effort, citing regulatory restrictions. But recent SEC filings show that an umbrella organization called Social Capital PEP Management will launch next month, with plans to house both the existing venture capital funds (which have $1.27 billion in total AUM) and a new long/short public equities effort."
"No target size is listed for the hedge fund business, which it seems will be led by Palihapitiya and new Social Capital partners Carl Anderson and Sakya Duvvuru. Anderson previously was a managing director and portfolio manager with Glynn Capital Management. Duvvuru spent the past three years managing the portfolio for Weaving Capital, a small long/short hedge fund that managed money for Palihapitiya and other Social Capital employees (unlike the new effort, which will manage third-party capital)."
"In January 2015, Palihapitiya tweeted that Weaving was up 21.24% for 2014 and at +73.3% since inception. Most other tweets associated with Weaving Capital referred to publicly-held technology companies, but it is unclear if the new Social Capital hedge fund will focus exclusively on tech. Perhaps Palihapitiya will share more details on May 4 at the annual Sohn Investment Conference in New York, where he is scheduled to speak. Or maybe he'll just brag about the Golden State Warriors, in which he holds an ownership interest..."
" Deal data: Global mid-market M&A, defined as deals valued at upwards of $500 million, was down 5.1% year-over-year in Q1, according to Thomson Reuters. This includes a 10.% dip for U.S. targets. In terms of small-cap M&A (<$50m), there was a 2.3% global drop and a whopping 45.6% decrease for U.S. targets"
" That's So Mavens: Re/Code and others are reporting that the joint bid for Yahoo from Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners includes involvement from several former company executives, including ex-interim CEO Ross Levinsohn (a onetime VC who was pushed aside for Marissa Mayer)"
"According to Reuters, other private equity bids came from Apax Partners, Apollo Global Management (yeah, that surprises me too), Warburg Pincus and TPG Capital. Plus Cerberus-backed YP Holdings. One new strategic name that emerged yesterday was Japan's Rakuten, although Verizon remains in pole position."
 Buy gold (plated lettering): My Fortune colleague Steve Gandel sat down yesterday with Donald Trump for an interview. Among the takeaways
"(1) Trump believes Janet Yellen has done a ""a serviceable job"" as Fed chair, but he'd ""be more inclined to put other people in"" when her term expires. (2) Trump does not believe the Fed should raise interest rates. (3) He walked back recent comments to the Washington Post about wanting to eliminate the national debt within eight years, saying instead that ""you could pay off a percentage of it, depending on how aggressive you want to be."""
"Here is Steve's post. A full transcript will be posted tomorrow, along with a new Fortune cover story on how Trump runs his business, and what it says about how he would lead the country."
" Apex Technology  of China and PAG Asia Capital have agreed to acquire Lexmark International Inc. (NYSE: LXK), a Lexington, Ky.-based maker of printers and other hardware and software solutions, for approximately $3.6 billion. The $40.5o per share deal represents a 30% premium to where Lexmark stock was trading on October 21, 2015, which is the day before it announced plans to explore strategic alternatives. In addition to Apax and PAG Asia Capital, the investor consortium also includes Legend Capital. Read more"
" Cabify, a Madrid-based ride-hailing app that is active in both Spain and Latin America, has raised $120 million in Series C funding led by Japan’s Rakuten at a $320 million post-money valuation. Read more"
" Second Genome Inc., a South San Francisco-based drug developer that leverages microbiome science, has raised $42.6 million in Series B funding. Pfizer Venture Investments and Roche Venture Fund co-led the round, and were joined by Digitalis Ventures, Adveq, LifeForce Capital, MBL Venture Capital, the Mayo Clinic and return backers Advanced Technology Ventures, Morgenthaler Ventures and the Seraph Group. www.secondgenome.co"
" Brighter, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based online marketplace that connects users with dentists, has raised $21 million in Series D funding. General Catalyst led the round, and was joined by DAG Ventures and return backers Mayfield, Benchmark and Tenaya Capital. www.brighter.co"
" PrecisionHawk Inc., a Raleigh, N.C.-based provider of data and safety services for the commercial drone industry., has raised $18 million in Series C funding. Verizon Ventures, USAA, NTT Docomo Ventures and Yamaha Motor Ventures were joined by return backers Intel Capital, Innovate Indiana Fund and Millennium Technology Value Partners. Read more"
" 1mg, an India-based online pharmacy and platform for finding medical labs, has raised $16 million in Series B funding. Maverick Capital Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Sequoia Capital India and Omidyar Network. Read more"
" Bugcrowd Inc., a San Francisco-based provider of crowdsourced enterprise security solutions, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Blackbird Ventures led the round, and was joined by Industry Ventures, Salesforce Ventures and return backers Rally Ventures, Costanoa Venture Capital and Paladin Capital Group. www.bugcrowd.co"
" Takipi, an Israel-based developer of code debugging solutions for developers, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Lightspeed Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backer Menlo Ventures. www.takipi.co"
" Enterome Bioscience SA, a Paris-based developer of drugs and diagnostics based on the gut microbiome, has raised €14.5 million in Series C funding. Return backers Seventure and Lundbeckfond Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by new investor Nestlé Health Science. www.enterome.co"
" TapInfluence, a Boulder, Colo.-based provider of influencer marketing automation solutions, has raised $14 million in new VC funding. Noro-Moseley Partners led the round, and was joined by Knollwood Investment Advisory, MergeLane and return backers Grotech Ventures and Access Venture Partners. www.tapinfluence.co"
" Yummy Express, a Beijing-based provider of online-to-offline logistics and operations services, has raised $10 million in Series C funding. ClearVue Partners led the round, and was joined by SBCVC"
" CareerFoundry, a Berlin-based online school for tech careers, has raised $5 million in Series A funding from Tengelmann Ventures, Bauer Venture Partners and IBB Beteiligungsgesellschaft. www.careerfoundry.co"
" SkySafe, a San Diego-based startup that can disable drones flying where they shouldn’t, has raised $3 million in seed funding. Andreessen Horowitz led the round, and was joined by Founder Collective and SV Angel. Read more"
" Wootric, a San Francisco-based in-app platform “measuring customer happiness,” has raised $2.6 million in Series A funding. Cloud Apps Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by CSC Upshot. www.wootric.co"
" American Securities has acquired North American Partners in Anesthesia, a Melville, N.Y.-based anesthesia management company, from Moelis Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.napaanesthesia.co"
" Battery Ventures has agreed to acquire Goldleaf Enterprise Payments Inc. (f.k.a. Alogent Corp.), an Alpharetta, Ga.-based provider of enterprise payment processing software, from Jack Henry & Associates (Nasdaq: JKHY). No financial terms were disclosed. www.jackhenry.co"
" Francisco Partners has agreed to acquire SintecMedia, an Israeli provider of cloud-based media management software, from Riverwood Capital for around $400 million, according to Calcalist. Read more"
" GI Partners has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Netsmart Technologies Inc., an Overland Park, Kansas-based healthcare IT company, from Genstar Capital. The deal was being done in partnership with Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (Nasdaq: MDRX), which merged its homecare software group with Netsmart (creating a combined company with more than $250m in annual revenue). The deal was valued at around $950 million, of which $612 million was being financed via new leveraged loans. www.ntst.co"
" Goldman Sachs and Bass Pro Shops are partnering on a takeover bid for Cabela’s Inc. (NYSE: CAB), a Sidney, Neb.-based hunting and fishing products retailer, according to Reuters. Cabela’s has a current market cap of around $3.6 billion. Read more"
" GP Investments Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: GPIA), a unit of Brazil’s GP Investments, has agreed to acquire World Kitchen LLC, maker of Pyrex and Corelle kitchenware, for $566 million in cash and stock. Sellers would include Oaktree Capital Management and W Capital Partners. www.worldkitchen.co"
" One Rock Capital Partners has agreed to acquire the Hawaii refinery of Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX). No financial terms were disclosed. As part of the deal, all Chevron gas stations in Hawaii will become Texaco stations. www.chevron.co"
" United Language Group Inc., a Minneapolis-based backed by Northern Pacific Group, has agreed to acquire Merrill Brink International, the language services division of Merrill Corp. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Valtris Specialty Chemicals, an Independence, Ohio-based portfolio company of H.I.G. Capital, has acquired Akcros Holdings Ltd., a UK-based provider of specialty chemicals used as additives in the production and processing of polymers, paint, and coatings. No financial terms were disclosed. www.valtris.co"
" MGM   Growth   Properties  LLC, a gaming property REIT backed by MGM Resorts, raised $1.05 billion in its IPO. The company priced 50 million shares at $21 per share (high end of range), and will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol MGP. Read more"
"  Saudi Arabian Oil Co. (a.k.a. Aramco) has picked J.P. Morgan and M Klein & Co. to lead manage its eventual IPO, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Investcorp has agreed to sell CSIdentity, an Austin, Texas-based provider of identity theft protection solutions to businesses and government agencies, to Experian (LSE: EXPN) for $360 million. www.csid.co"
" Crunchfund, the seed-stage VC firm co-founded by Michael Arrington, is raising upwards of $30 million for its third fund, according to a regulatory filing"
 Rich Gallivan has joined Mizuho Bank Americas as a managing director and head of TMT investment banking for North America. He previously was with Barclays as a managing director and head of global software and enterprise solutions. www.mizuhobank.co
" Neil Johnson has been named non-executive chairman and director of Electra Private Equity, a London-listed private equity firm. He succeeds interim chair Kate Barker. Read more"
" Rafi Syed has joined Khosla Ventures as a principal. He previously was COO of Maven Clinic and, before that was a senior associate with Bessemer Venture Partners and a product manager at Foursquare. www.khoslaventures.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from New York City, where I'm in town for a variety of meetings (including one that takes place before Term Sheet is normally sent out, thus the early delivery). A few quick notes before I run over to Fortune HQ:"
" Captain Crunch: TechCrunch founder Michael Arrington is stepping back from some of his responsibilities at CrunchFund, the seed-stage venture capital firm he launched in 2011"
"Arrington is not listed as a general partner on the firm’s third fund, which a regulatory filing shows is raising upwards of $30 million. Instead, the sole general partner is his CrunchFund co-founder Pat Gallagher, Arrington’s old college buddy who previously was an investor with VantagePoint Venture Partners."
"In an interview, Arrington says that he decided to take some time off from full-time investing in order to improve his health (“I don’t have cancer or anything, please don’t make it sound so serious”), but adds that he will continue to lead deals for CrunchFund and advise portfolio companies."
" Ouch: Very tough Q1 earnings report out from The Blackstone Group, which reported just $0.31 per share in economic net income, compared to analyst expectations of around $0.37 (which already would have represented a 73% year-over-year decline). On the upside, assets under management increased 11% year-over-year, and fee related earnings grew 21% (despite the PJT spin-off)"
"The big hit was an 81% decrease in performance-related fees, which includes an 89% performance fee drop from within Blackstone's private equity business. Blackstone said that the carrying value of its PE portfolio appreciated by 1.7% during the quarter."
" Adolescence: Felicis Ventures this morning announced that it has closed its fifth fund with $200 million in capital commitments, and also disclosed some historical performance data"
"The Silicon Valley-based firm ― which launched in 2006 as a seed investor with a $4 million fund, but has since expanded its lifecycle focus ― reports total cash-on-cash returns of 8.3x and that it has backed 11 companies valued at $1 billion or more (including two IPOs and three trade sales)."
" New firm alert: Last fall we reported that North Bridge Venture Partners would not raise a new fund, and that its partners were moving on to new efforts. This morning an SEC filing disclosed that one of those partners, Jamie Goldstein, is seeking to raise upwards of $100 million for a new VC fund called Pillar Companies. No word yet on strategy or other team members. Goldstein had been with North Bridge for 18 years, leading such deals as Actifio"
" Correction: Yesterday's issue incorrectly reported that Apax Partners was helping to lead the $3.6 billion buyout of Lexmark International (NYSE: LXK), alongside PAG Asia Capital and Legend Capital. The actual buyer is Chinese hardware maker Apex Technology. Apologies"
" TPG Capital and Leonard Green & Partners are seeking a buyer for The Palms Casino Resort, according to Reuters. In other casino news, Reuters also reports that Boyd Gaming Corp. (NYSE: BYD) is nearing a deal to buy Cannery Casino Resorts LLC for between $225 million and $240 million. Read more"
" Forter, a Tel Aviv-based provider of antifraud solutions for ecommerce retailers, has raised $32 million in Series C funding. Scale Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers NEA and Sequoia Capital. www.forter.co"
" Anomali, a Redwood City, Calif.-based threat intelligence platform, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. Institutional Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by General Catalyst, Google Ventures and Paladin Capital Group. www.anomali.co"
" Acorns, a Newport Beach, Ca.-based micro-investing platform, has raised $30 million in new strategic funding from PayPal and Rakuten. The company previously raised $32 million over three funding rounds from firms like Greycroft Partners, e.ventures, Sound Ventures, Garland Capital and Math Venture Partners. Read more"
" Framebridge, a Lanham, Md.-based online custom framing startup, has raised $9 million in Series B funding. SWaN & Legend Venture Partners was joined by return backers NEA and Revolution Ventures. www.framebridge.co"
" Bridgit, a Canadian provider of construction project management solutions, has raised C$2.2 million in seed funding. Hyde Park Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Vanedge Capital. www.gobridgit.co"
" Aptuit, a portfolio company of Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, has acquired Exquiron Biotech AG, a Swiss contract research organization focused on early-stage drug discovery. No financial terms were disclosed. www.exquiron.co"
" Rapid Ratings International, a New York-based assessor of public and private company financial health, has raised an undisclosed amount of minority equity funding from LLR Partners. www.rapidratings.co"
" Staple Street Capital has acquired substantially all the assets of Mid-States Supply Co., a Kansas City-based distributor of industrial valves, pipes, automation products, fittings, steam specialty items and controls. No financial terms were disclosed. www.midcoonline.co"
" VIG Partners, a South Korean private equity firm, has acquired a majority stake in local parking lot managing company HiParking for around $24 million. Read more"
" American Renal Holdings, a Beverly, Mass.-based dialysis services provider, raised $165 million in its IPO. The company priced 7.5 million shares at $22 per share (near middle of $20-$23 range), for an initial market cap of around $654 million. It will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol ARA, while BofA Merrill Lynch, Barclays and Goldman Sachs served as lead underwriters. ARA reports $16 million of net income on $561 million in net patient revenue (revenue minus uncollectable accounts) for 2014. Centerbridge Capital Partners holds a 79.6% pre-IPO stake. www.americanrenal.co"
" Brazos Private Equity Partners has sold Southern Tide LLC, a Greenville, S.C.-based lifestyle apparel brand, to Oxford Industries Inc. (NYSE: OXM). www.southerntide.co"
" Shots, maker of a selfie app, has acquired Mindie, a music video-making app. No financial terms were disclosed. Shots has raised over $13 million in VC funding from firms like DCM and individuals like Justin Bieber. Read more"
" Backed VC, a new pan-European seed-stage investment firm, has closed its debut fund with €30 million in capital commitments. The goal is to use “community” deal sourcing, which means those who bring deals to Backed VC could qualify for carried interest. Read more"
" BBH Capital Partners, the private equity unit of Brown Brothers Harriman, has closed its fifth fund with $802 million in capital commitments (including $110m from the GP). www.bbh.co"
" Hony Capital, a Chinese private equity firm, has closed a new dual-currency fund (70/30 U.S. dollars/yuan) with approximately $2.7 billion in capital commitments, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" GIC, a Singapore sovereign wealth fund, announced that chief investment officer Lim Chow Kiat also will serve as deputy group president, while public markets president Jeffrey Jaensubhakij also will serve as deputy group CIO. Read more"
" Vera Minar has joined Columbia Pacific to oversee Columbia Pacific Advisors, which manages more than $1 billion in high-net-worth and institutional assets via a variety of strategies. She previously helped manage Stanford University’s endowment. www.columbiapacific.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"No real column this morning, as I spent most of yesterday in meetings and in my car."
"But if you're looking for something of interest, check out this Libby Lewis piece about a recent Massachusetts court ruling that found private equity firm Sun Capital Partners is liable for the pension fund debt of a portfolio company that went bankrupt. Moreover, the liability holds even though Sun had originally structured the deal as a buyout by two of its funds, after which neither fund had more than an 80% stake in the underlying business. This is a pretty big deal in the private equity firm, and could affect the types of deals (and the terms) of leveraged buyouts going forward."
"I'm also trying to mentally process a new Legg Mason survey of those with at least $250,ooo in investible assets (i.e., excluding real estate), which found that a majority believe the American Dream is no longer attainable. Broken down even further, just 36% of millionaires surveyed by Legg Mason ""strongly agree"" that they are living the American Dream."
"If you fall into this group -- affluent person who doesn't believe he or she has attained the American Dream -- please send me a note of explanation. Because, from where I sit, it reads ridiculous."
"Anyway, we'll return to our regularly-scheduled ramblings on Monday. Plenty of news below to digest, including the first real tech IPO of 2016. Have a great weekend..."
" SecureWorks, an Atlanta-based cybersecurity unit of Dell Inc., raised $112 million in its IPO. The company priced 8 million shares at $14 per share, below initial plans to offer 9 million shares at between $15.50 and $17.50 per share"
"It has an initial market cap of around $1.14 billion, and will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SCWX. BofA Merrill Lynch was listed as left lead underwriter. SecureWorks reports a $72 million net loss on around $339.5 million in revenue for the year ending January 30, 2016. Read more."
" Hua Medicine, a Shanghai-based developer of therapeutics for diabetes and CNS disorders, has raised $50 million in Series C funding. Harvest Investments led the round, and was joined by return backers Frontline BioVentures, Arch Venture Partners, Venrock, Fidelity, WuXi Ventures, SAIL, Ally Bridge Group and TF Capital. www.huamedicine.co"
" Medium, a San Francisco-based online content publishing platform, has raised $50 million in Series C funding led by Spark Capital. The company also announced that Ben Horowitz (a partner with existing Medium backer Andreessen Horowitz) and Judy Estrin (JLabs CEO) are joining its board, while David Sze (a partner with Medium backer Greylock) will be stepping down (fellow Greylock partner Josh Elman remains a director). Read more"
" TheRealReal, a San Francisco-based online luxury consignment shop for men and women, has raised $40 million in Series E funding. Greenspring Associates led the round, and was joined by Broadway Angels, NextEquity Partners, Springboard Fund and return backers Canaan Partners, e.ventures, Greycroft Partners, InterWest Partners, DBL Partners, and Industry Ventures. The company has now raised a total of $123 million. www.therealreal.co"
" Kueski, an online provider of micro-loans in Mexico, has raised $10 million in new VC funding. The company also secured $25 million in new debt funding. Backers include Richmond Global Ventures, Rise Capital, CrunchFund, Variv Capital, Victory Park Capital, Angel Ventures Mexico, Core Ventures Group and Auria Capital. www.kueski.co"
" Preempt Security, a San Francisco-based enterprise cybersecurity startup, has raised $8 million in Series A funding. General Catalyst led the round, and was joined by Paul Sagan and Trusteer founders Mickey Boodaei and Rakesh Loonkar. www.preempt.co"
" Armada Interactive, a Finland-based mobile gaming startup, has raised $3 million in seed funding. Intel Capital led the round, and was joined by Index Ventures, PROfounders Capital, Backed, Next Games, Reaktor Ventures, Sisu Game Ventures, Chris Lee, Reynir Hardarson and Ben Feder. www.armadainteractive.co"
" Brayola, a new online service that helps women find bras that fit, has raised $2.5 million in Series A funding from HDS Capital and FirstTime Capital. Read more"
" Chameleon, a San Francisco-based user onboarding platform, has raised $1.9 million in seed funding led by True Ventures. www.trychameleon.co"
" Clear Guide Medical, a Baltimore-based developer of a CT-ultrasound fusion and image guidance system for minimally-invasive surgical procedures, has raised $1.5 million in Series A funding led by Wildermuth Advisory LLC. Read more"
" The Blackstone Group is considering a takeover offer for Canadian pharma company Concordia Healthcare (TSX: CXR), according to Bloomberg. The news caused Concordia shares to jump 28%, giving it a current valuation of around US$1.6 billion. Read more"
" Fexy Media, a Mercer Island, Wash.-based portfolio company of Tritium Partners, has acquired Simply Recipes, a Carmichael, Calif.-based food and recipe blog founded by Elise Bauer. No financial terms were disclosed. www.simplyrecipes.co"
" PayScale, a Seattle-based compensation software company owned by Warburg Pincus, has acquired MarketPay, a Denver-based provider of tech-enabled services for managing multiple sources of compensation survey data. No financial terms were disclosed. www.payscale.co"
" Salt Creek Capital has acquired Sperry & Rice, a Brookville, Ind.-based manufacturer of specialized rubber components for the appliance, automotive, and heavy truck and bus industries. No financial terms were disclosed. www.sperryrice.co"
"  Medpace Inc., a Cincinnati-based pharma contract research organization owned by Cinven, has filed confidential IPO papers for an offering that could value the company at more than $1 billion (including debt), according to Reuters. Read more"
" Permira is considering an IPO for Japanese sushi chain operator Akindo Sushiro Co., according to Reuters. The float could value Akindo at around $1.4 billion. Read more"
" Allergan PLC (NYSE: AGN) has acquired Topokine Therapeutics, a Boston-based developer of topical medicines for fat reduction, for $85 million. Sellers include Schooner Capital. www.allergan.co"
" KKR has short-listed several bidders in the auction for WMF, a German coffee machine maker that could be valued at more than $1.7 billion, according to Reuters. Among the active suitors are China’s Joyoung Co. and KingClean Electric Co., plus Sweden’s Electrolux, Italy’s De Longhi and France-based Groupe SEB. Read more"
" Darty (LSE: DRTY), a French electronics and appliances retailer, has received takeover offers from Fnac (Paris: FNAC) and the French unit of South Africa’s Steinhoff International Holdings (JSE: SNH). Darty is currently valued at around $1.2 billion. Read more"
" Industrial Group Partners, a San Francisco-based private equity firm focused on the lower middle markets, is raising upwards of $800 million for its fifth fund, according to a regulatory filing. Park Hill Group is serving as placement agent. www.igpequity.co"
" Peppertree Capital, a Chagrin Falls-based growth equity firm, is raising its sixth fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.peppertreecapital.co"
 Padraic McConville has joined KinderCare Education as EVP of corporate development. He previously was with Partners Group as an SVP of private equity direct investing. www.kindercare.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"On Friday I mentioned a Legg Mason survey about affluent investors and the ""American Dream."" Below are my thoughts on it, but I've also received dozens of emails that I plan to address (and likely publish) later this week. In short, many of you disagree with Legg Mason's threshold for affluence. Keep em coming..."
Rarely a day goes by where I don’t hear some politician or pundit claim that the American Dream has become unattainable for too many. It’s also a common theme in my Facebook feed.
"Sometimes the culprit is student debt. Sometimes it’s static wages, or the disappearance of pensions and manufacturing jobs. Sometimes it’s how predatory lenders have the disproportionate capacity to financially maim so many."
"And I have responded by despairing for their desperation, for their newfound conviction that America is no longer the land of opportunity—that the prospect of upward mobility has become a cruel mirage. My only solace was my equally strong conviction that I not only have achieved at least some version of the American dream (yes, via a combination of privilege, hard-work and luck), but that my daughter will have a chance to do the same."
"But, for the first time, I’m no longer so sure E will get there. Not because she’ll lack for intelligence or dedication or good fortune, but because she will be raised in an era of unprecedented entitlement. If it takes a village to raise a child, then her father’s voice will be drowned out by millions of naysayers."
"So, What Changed?"
"My breaking point came Friday, upon reading a Legg Mason survey of affluent investors, which the firm defined as individuals with more than $200,000 in investment assets. It found that 55% of those surveyed believe that the American Dream no longer remains within reach, with only 23% “strongly agreeing” that they are living proof of its existence."
"Remember, these people are prosperous, by almost any relative measure of global or American life in 2016. Their $200,000 isn’t an annual salary. It’s the amount of cash sitting in bank accounts or investments that are designed to appreciate in value. It doesn’t even include the value of their home, or even their second or third. It’s income after tax, mortgage payments, and literally every other past expense. There should be little worry about where the next meal, or next lifetime of meals, is coming from."
"But they don’t feel rich. And before you tell me that $200,000 doesn’t go as far as it used to, particularly in certain cities, please realize that only 36% of those with at least $1 million in investible assets “strongly agreed” that they had attained the American Dream."
"To be sure, the “American Dream” has no official definition, making it largely in the eye of the beholder. But when asked to give their top characteristics of someone who has achieved the American Dream, Legg Mason survey respondents said the following (in order):"
1. Feeling financially secure2. Having the freedom to live the way you want to3. Being able to retire at 65 and live comfortably in old age4. Owning your own home5. Knowing that working hard pays off
"We’ve already addressed the first one, and the second is equally absurd. If you have $200,000 of investible assets—let alone $1 million—and you don’t have the “freedom to live the way you want to live,” perhaps that’s more reflective on your decisions and expectations than on your actual means. For example, I want to live with a private helicopter (with a dedicated pilot) sitting outside of my home so that I can avoid traffic when heading into Boston. A private chef would also be nice, plus a heated indoor pool, and court-side season tickets to the Celtics. Am I missing out on the American Dream until those luxuries materialize? Of course not."
"Retiring at 65 (or maybe an extra couple of years, given average lifespan increases) should be possible for most of these survey respondents, again depending on their definition of living comfortably. And I’d assume that most people with this much cash either own their own home, or have intentionally decided that it’s too much of a hassle (helicopter pad maintenance and all). Finally, if you’ve achieved the first four, it’s hard to imagine that the fifth remains elusive."
"But, again, none of this is about objective logic. It’s about sentiment, and a political and societal climate that can no longer distinguish between those who actually have been victimized and those who simply fuel their own narcissism with self-pity. How can most Americans aspire to the American Dream when those who have achieved it refuse to acknowledge their own success?"
"They probably can’t, which means this cycle of pessimism will feed on itself and, in some cases, become self-fulfilling. I really hope my daughter doesn’t fall into that trap, that she will take advantage of opportunities and, if successful, that she will be grateful for it. Not ignorant of it."
" Ardagh Group, an Irish packaging conglomerate, has agreed to acquire a group of assets being sold by beverage can makers Ball Corp. (NYSE: BLL) and Rexam PLC (LSE: REX) ― to facilitate regulatory approval of the former's purchase of the latter. The deal is valued at around $3.42 billion"
"Rival bidders reportedly included Apollo Global Management, The Blackstone Group and Madison Dearborn. Read more."
" Sirin Labs, an Israel-based luxury smartphone manufacturer, has raised $72 million in new “seed” funding from Renren (NYSE: RENN), Moshe Hogeg (founder of Singulariteam) and Kenges Rakishev. Read more"
" Helium, a San Francisco-based maker of smart industrial sensors, has raised $20 million in new VC funding. Google Ventures led the round, and was joined by Khosla Ventures, FirstMark Capital and Munich RE/Hartford Steam Boiler Ventures. Read more"
" Augmedix, a San Francisco-based physician platform for patient data that leverages Google Glass, has raised $17 million in strategic funding from health systems like Sutter Health, Dignity Health, Catholic Health Initiatives (CHI), TriHealth Inc. Existing backers include Emergence Capital and DCM. Read more"
" Sysdig, a San Francisco-based container monitoring company, has raised $15 million in Series C funding from return backers Accel and Bain Capital Ventures. www.sysdig.co"
" Unlockd, a New York-based mobile ad startup that helps users get smartphone bill discounts, has raised $12 million in Series B funding. Return backer PLC Ventures was joined by individual angels like Radek Sali, Greg Roebuck, Peter Gammell and Sam Mostyn. Read more"
" Kamcord, a San Francisco-based provider of mobile game streaming solutions, has raised $10 million in Series C funding led by Time Warner. Return backers include Plug & Play Ventures, Tencent, TransLink Capital, XG Ventures and Wargaming. www.kamcord.co"
" AbSci, a Portland, Ore.-based provider of soluble microbial protein expression solutions, has raised $5.1 million in Series A funding led by Phoenix Venture Partners. www.abscibio.co"
" BioBeats, a stress assessment app that integrates with wearable devices, has raised $2.28 million in VC funding. White Cloud Capital led the round, and was joined by AXA Strategic Ventures and IQ Capital. www.biobeats.co"
" Advent International has agreed to acquire Viakem, a Mexican manufacturer of fine chemicals for the agrochemical market. No financial terms were disclosed. www.adventinternational.co"
" The Carlyle Group is partnering with former Barclays CEO Bob Diamond on an offer to acquire the Africa unit of Barclays (LSE: BARC), as first reported by Sky News. Read more"
" Cinven is in “final talks” to acquire Hotelbeds Group, a Spanish online hotel booking site, from listed German tour operator TUI, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at around $1.1 billion. Read more"
" CVC Capital Partners has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Tipico, a German private sports betting group. No financial terms were disclosed, but earlier media reports suggested that the deal could value Tipico at around $1.1 billion. Rival bidders had included a joint offer from Centerbridge Capital Partners and Deutsche Telekom. Read more"
" J.F. Lehman & Co. has completed its previously-announced take-private acquisition of API Technologies Corp., an Orlando, Fla.-based provider of RF, microwave, microelectronics and security technologies, for around $111 million. www.apitech.co"
" Warren Equity Partners has acquired Hydromax USA LLC, a Chandler, Ind.-based provider of data collection for the purposes of locating and assessing the condition of water, wastewater and natural gas conveyance systems. No financial terms were disclosed. www.hydromaxusa.co"
"  Three companies are expected to price IPOs on U.S. exchanges this week: Red Rock Resorts, Yintech Investment Holdings and Global Water Resources. Read more"
" Performance Health Holdings, an Akron, Ohio-based maker of branded wellness and rehabilitation products, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol PHC, with Credit Suisse and Jefferies serving as lead underwriters. The company reports $5.7 million in net income on $118 million in revenue for the first nine months of 2016. Shareholders include Gridiron Capital. www.performancehealth.co"
" Regulatory DataCorp., a King of Prussia, Penn.-based provider of enterprise risk, governance and compliance solutions, has hired Evercore to find a buyer, according to Dow Jones. Shareholders include Bain Capital Ventures. www.rdc.co"
" Telecom Italia (Milan: TLIT) is in talks to acquire Italian fiber optic network operator Metroweb from state-owned lender CDP and F2i, in exchange for a stake in its international wholesale unit (Sparkle), according to Reuters. Read more"
 Bank Dhofar of Oman said that it is in talks to merge with smaller rival Bank Sohar. Read more
 Eramet SA (Paris: ERA) has agreed to acquire stakes in Indonesia’s Weda Bay nickel mine from Mitsubishi Corp. (Tokyo: 8058) and Pacific Metals Co. (Tokyo: 5541) for approximately $99 million
 Famous Brands (JSE: FBR) of South Africa has acquired a 51% stake in small Italian fast casual restaurant chain Lupa Osteria for an undisclosed amount. Read more
" Gannett Co. (NYSE: GCI) has offered to acquire Tribune Publishing Co. (NYSE: TPUB) for approximately $815 million (including the assumption of debt), or $12.25 per share (nearly 63% premium over Friday’s closing price). Read more"
 Nevsun Resources Ltd. (TSX: NSU) has agreed to acquire fellow Canadian mining company Reservoir Minerals Inc. (TSX: RMC) for approximately US$365 million in cash and stock. Read more
" Novartis (Swiss: NOVN) is considering the sale of its $13.8 billion stake in Roche (Swiss: ROG), according to Reuters. Read more. Read more"
" The Abraaj Group is raising upwards of $500 million for a Turkey-focused private equity fund, according to Private Equity International. www.abraaj.co"
" Ares Management has closed its fifth ""flexible capital"" fund with $7.85 billion in capital commitments. www.artesmgmt.co"
 Matrix Partners India said that co-founding partner Avnish Bajaj has left to launch a new VC firm called Epiq Capital. Read more
" David Crane, former president and CEO of NRG Energy (NYSE: NRG), has joined Pegasus Capital Advisors as a senior operating executive. www.pcalp.co"
" Andrew Skinner has stepped down as a director with Better Capital, the British buyout firm he joined in 2014 from PwC, according to Dow Jones. No word yet on his future plans. www.bettercapital.co.u"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Greetings from the home office. Some notes to kick off your Tuesday:
" New firm alert: John Caple has stepped down as a partner with Comvest Partners, in order to launch a new lower middle-market private equity firm with David Block, who is in the process of resigning as president and CEO of Swiss Watch International. The two have been longtime pals, going back to their days as colleagues at consulting firm Bain & Company"
"""At Comvest I was usually the person doing the most deep value or deep turnaround deals, even buying businesses that were unprofitable,"" Caple says. ""So that's where we'll be focused."""
"Caple adds that he plans to remain on existing portfolio company boards for Comvest, saying that the split was amicable. ""David and I have always wanted to work together, and this just seemed like the right opportunity and time."""
"He declined to discuss anything surrounding fundraising, which I take to be de facto confirmation that there will indeed be fundraising (i.e., this won't be a fundless sponsor)."
 Answer Key: On April 5 I asked you to name the Texas-based advisor and investment firm that's being acquired by a larger New York-based boutique? Your hint was that both firms are eponymous
"None of you got it right, but Reuters yesterday reported that ""Perella Weinberg Partners is engaged in discussions with Houston-based energy boutique bank Tudor Pickering Holt & Co, which could result in a merger or a partnership, a person briefed on the matter said."" Yup, that's it."
" In market: During its Q1 earnings call yesterday, KKR gave updates to several of its active fundraising efforts"
"Quick rundown: (1) KKR's 12th North American buyout fund is on target to close at its $12 billion cap later this year, although the final total will be closer to $12.5 billion or $13 billion (once GP and employee commits are included). (2) Other funds on pace to close this year include KKR's first tech growth equity fund (already held a first close) and a European direct lending fund. A new Asia private equity fund is expected to launch later in 2016."
" Today in Theranos: According to the NY Times, the blood-testing company's board of directors has hired an independent law firm not only to interact with regulators, but also to investigate ""whether Theranos made proper disclosures to investors."" In addition, a plaintiff's law firm today took out an advertisement in peHUB Wire (a product that shares some founding DNA with Term Sheet), seeking out Theranos investors who may have been defrauded"
"The first part is a bit odd, given that some Theranos board members have been doing media interviews, insisting that all is above board. Yet they're simultaneously paying a law firm to investigate internal fraud? The second reads like classic ambulance chasing or, in this case, blood droplet chasing."
"And, in both cases, it should serve as a stark reminder that there can be value in a startup having professional investors (i.e., VCs) on its board, rather than connected tourists. Yes, companies with VC backing also can run into major troubles (see Zenefits, Canopy Financial, etc.), but this was a board with virtually no startup experience, let alone in the lab services space. If there were warning signs, these directors were particularly ill-equipped to see them."
" Ant Financial, the financial services affiliate of Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA), has raised $4.5 billion in new equity funding at around a $60 billion valuation. China Investment Corp Capital and CCB Trust were joined by return backers like China Life Insurance, China Post Group, China Development Bank Capital and Primavera Capital Group. Read more"
" Remitly, a Seattle-based provider of remittance services, has raised $38.5 million in Series C funding. Stripes Group led the round, and was joined by Vulcan Capital and return backers DFJ, DN Capital, Bezos Expeditions and Trilogy Equity Partners. www.remitly.co"
" Desktop Metal, a Lexington, Mass.-based industrial 3D printing startup, has raised $33.76 million in second-round funding, according to an SEC filing. Return backers include NEA, Kleiner Perkins and Lux Capital. Desktop Metal was founded by Ric Fulop, who previously founded A123 Systems and was a general partner with North Bridge Venture Partners. www.desktopmetal.co"
" Trov, a San Francisco-based on-demand mobile insurance platform for individual items like laptops or bikes, has raised $25.5 million in Series C funding. Oak HC/FT led the round, and was joined by Suncorp Group (ASX: SUN), Guidewire (NUSE: GWRE) and Anthemis Group. www.trov.co"
" Tado, a Munich-based developer of smart climate control devices for homes, has raised $23 million in new VC funding from Inven Capital, a VC arm of Turkey-based energy company Čez Group. www.tado.co"
" Jet Health, a San Francisco-based platform for home health services, has raised $16.65 million in VC funding, according to a regulatory filing. Backers include SV Life Sciences and Health Enterprise Partners"
" TranServ, an Indian digital payments company, has raised $15 million in Series C funding. IDFC Spice Fund and Micromax Informatics co-led the round, and were joined by Nirvana and Faering Capital India. www.transerv.co.i"
" Bossa Nova Robotics, a Pittsburgh-based developer of robotic technology for retailers, has raised $14 million in Series A funding led by WRV Capital. www.iloverobots.co"
" Lendix, a French peer-to-peer lending platform, has raised €12 million in new VC funding. CNP Assurances, Matmut and Zencap AM were joined by return backers Partech Ventures, Decaux Frères Investissements, Sycomore Factory and Weber Investissement. Some of the investors also committed to lend an additional €20 million via the Lendix platform. Read more"
" Vidsys, a Vienna, Va.-based provider of converged enterprise security and information management software, has raised $11 million in new VC funding from Harmony Partners. www.vidsys.co"
" Naya Health, a Redwood City, Calif.-based breast pump maker, has raised $3.9 million in seed funding. Tandem Capital and Bojiang Capital co-led the round, and were joined by S-Cubed Capital, Astia Angels and StartX. www.nayahealth.c"
" Auro Robotics, a San Francisco-based autonomous campus shuttle service, has raised $2 million in Series A funding. Motus Ventures led the round, and was joined by Rothenberg Ventures. www.aurorobotics.co"
" LaunchPad Recruits, a UK-based provider of data and video software for job candidate hiring and assessment, has raised £2 million in Series A funding from firms like Sussex Place Ventures and Edenred Capital Partners. www.launchpadrecruits.co"
" StoryStream, a UK-based marketing content platform, has raised £1.8 million in Series A funding led by MMC Ventures. www.storystream.i"
" Rooam, a Washington, D.C.-based “socially-connected” mobile payment app, has raised $1.2 million in seed funding from undisclosed investors. www.rooam.c"
" Integrated Beverage Group, a Denver-based wine company, has raised an undisclosed amount of second-round funding from Juggernaut Capital Partners at a valuation “in excess of $20 million.” www.integratedbev.co"
" Kasisto, a Burlingame, Calif.-based virtual personal assistants for banks to communicate with their customers, has raised an undisclosed amount of strategic funding from Singapore’s DBS Bank. www.kasisto.co"
" Allied 100 LLC, a Woodruff, Wis.-based portfolio company of Ridgemont Equity Partners, has acquired Lifeguard Medical Solutions, a distributor of automated external defibrillators and accessories. No financial terms were disclosed. www.allied100.co"
" HGGC has acquired FPX, a Dallas-based provider of enterprise configure-price-quote applications. No financial terms were disclosed, except that company management retained a minority equity stake. Sellers include Acclaim Financial Group. www.fpx.co"
" Shamrock Capital Advisors has acquired a majority stake in Silvergate Media, a London and New York-based television production and licensing company focused on entertainment content for pre-schoolers. No financial terms were disclosed. www.shamrockcap.co"
" Veritas Capital has agreed to acquire the healthcare services business of Verisk Analytics Inc. (Nasdaq: VRSK), a Waltham, Mass.-based provider of data analytics, for $820 million. Read more"
" Z Capital Partners has acquired Twin-Star International Inc., a Delray Beach, Fla.-based maker of electric fireplaces and home furnishings, from Trivest Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.twinstarhome.co"
" Zenith Energy, a liquids and bulk terminaling company backed by Warburg Pincus, has acquired an Amsterdam liquids storage and handling facility from BP PLC (LSE: BP), which “will continue to be a major customer of the Amsterdam terminal.” No financial terms were disclosed, except that Zenith plans to invest around $100 million into the facility. www.warburgpincus.co"
 No IPO news this morning
" Nokia has acquired Withings, a Paris-based maker of fitness trackers, smart scales and other digital health devices, for €170 million. Withings had raised around $33 million in VC funding, from firms like Ventech, Idinvest Partners, 360 Capital Partners and Bpifrance. Read more"
" Ambev SA, a Brazilian beer and soda company controlled by Anheuser-Busch InBev, has acquired local juice maker Do Bem for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
" Auris Surgical Robotics, a San Carlos, Calif.-based developer of robotics technology for medical applications, has agreed to acquire Hansen Medical (Nasdaq: HNSN), a Mountain View, Calif.-based intravascular robotics company. The deal is valued at around $80 million in cash, or $4 per share. Auris has raised over $180 million in VC funding, from firms like Lux Capital, Mithril Capital Management and Highland Capital Partners. www.aurisrobotics.co"
" Bank Al Etihad of Jordan is leading an investor consortium that has expressed interest in acquiring MESC Investment, the holding company for Dubai Islamic Bank’s business in Jordan. Read more"
 Charter Communications (Nasdsq: CHTR) has received U.S. regulatory approval for its $65.5 billion acquisitions of Time Warner Cable (NYSE: TWC) and Bright House Networks. Read more
" The European Commission plans to block CK Hutchison’s (HK:1) planned $14.9 billion acquisition of British mobile network operator O2 UK, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Nasdaq: IRWD) has entered into a licensing agreement with AstraZeneca PLC (LSE: AZN) for the exclusive U.S. rights to gout drug Lesinurad. The deal includes a $100 million upfront payment, and upwards of another $165 million in earn-outs. www.ironwoodpharma.co"
" Patriarch Partners, the private equity firm led by Lynn Tilton, is being sued by the Zohar funds she controlled until earlier this year, for allegedly refusing to provide the new Zohar managers with financial records. Read more"
 Willow Hill Ventures has been launched by Finistere Ventures and the International Farming Corp. as an agriculture-focused venture capital fund with “a captive farmland base and on-farm innovation ecosystem dedicated to growth capital.” www.FinistereVentures.co
 Michael Furey has joined Minneapolis-based private equity firm Yukon Partners as a Boston-based partner. He previously was a partner Halyard Capital. www.yukonpartners.co
" The Gores Group has promoted Robbie Reynders to managing director of operations. He had joined the firm in 2009 as a vice president, and sits on the boards of Gores portfolio companies Hay Group and Hovis. www.gores.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some notes to kick off National Prime Rib Day...
" Crib death: Rory Eakin is co-founder and COO of CircleUp, an online crowfunding marketplace focused on helping to capitalize retail and consumer brand companies. And he has an unexpected message to share: ""We think equity crowdfunding is dead."
"That's pretty problematic, given that it won't actually be legal until May 16, when Title III of the Jobs Act becomes effective."
"To be sure, CircleUp has been operating for several years by not accepting unaccredited investors, but there had been a thought that platforms like his would open wider once the rules changed. Eakin, however, believes that institutions can provide capital much more efficiently to companies than can individuals, so is moving CircleUp in that direction. ""People believed that 'the crowd' would improve capital efficiency for private companies, but the reality is that it really doesn't scale,"" he says."
"To that point, CircleUp quietly launched what it called the Marketplace Index Fund, which brings an ETF model to VC investing -- providing a basket of early-stage company stakes for institutions that want to write larger checks without sacrificing diversification. It initially raised a $4.25 million test fund, and is now launching a larger version this week (expected to hold 25 companies). Minimum investments are $25k, with a 0.5% management fee and no carry."
"""The signaling risk of fundraising through an online platform has not been problematic, at least for the types of companies we work with,"" Eakin says. ""What's been interesting is that the interest in 'quality' participation has come from the other side, and institutions have been answering the call."""
" Job description: Last week, a group of (largely) unidentified SoftBank investors called on the company to investigate and possibly dismiss company president Nikesh Arora, who is viewed as the eventual successor to SoftBank founder Masayoshi Son. They basically accused Arora of making bad deals for Softbank, and suggested that his role as an advisor to private equity firm Silver Lake constitutes a conflict of interest"
"Erin Griffith wrote a detailed profile of Arora last fall, but the piece did not include comments related to the Silver Lake arrangement. so she dug into her notes to find what Arora said, months before this shareholder letter emerged:"
"""Oh, I don’t do any companies. I met [Silver Lake pasrtner Egon Durban] in London 11 years ago, he had just moved there.... I said, 'I don’t want to do board meetings, I don’t want to sit in rooms, I don’t want to be bored to death.' He said, 'It’s very simple. I’ll call you for advice when I need you and if you are not conflicted, you tell me what you think. And if you’re conflicted, just tell me, ‘I’m conflicted’ and I won’t ask.” So that’s the arrangement."""
" Printing money: Yesterday we noted how Desktop Metal, the new commercial metal 3D printing startup led by A123 founder (and ex-VC) Ric Fulop, had raised nearly $34 million in new VC funding, per a regulatory filing. A couple additional notes, after speaking with folks familiar with the deal"
"1. The new round values the Lexington, Mass.-based company at more than $100 million, even though it remains at least nine months away from commercialization (plans are to begin selling machines in early 2017). One big difference between the Series B and last fall's Series A, however, is that the company has now proven out its technology, which is expected to be able to print via a large variety of metals -- creating everything from tiny fasteners to large aerospace components. When Desktop Metal raised its Series A round, its tech was still in the PowerPoint presentation stage."
"2. Desktop Metal has had three VC firms represented on its board since the Series A, and received Series B term sheets from all three. Kleiner Perkins ultimately won out over Lux Capital and NEA, although all did make new investors. Other company backers include Data Collective and Founder Collective."
 Today in... The Honest Company? It got sued. Again
" Expectation game: If I were CEO of a company that didn't give guidance, but had its stock price fall after ""missing"" its numbers (e.g., Twitter), I'd lead off my earnings call by saying: ""Don't sell our stock. Sell the stock of banks whose analysts got our numbers so wrong."
" Mailbag: I received an enormous amount of email in response to the ""American Dream"" column, and many of them were quite detailed. Some agreed with me, some didn't. Many took issue with Legg Mason's definition of ""affluent"" and, by extension, my agreement with it. Still trying to figure out how to best share them -- since it's so massive -- but should have a solution by tomorrow morning. Much thanks to all of you who wrote in, including so many long time listeners, first time callers"
" Leonard Green & Partners has agreed to acquire ExamWorks Group Inc. (NYSE: EXAM), an Atlanta-based provider of medical examination services, for around $2.2 billion. The $35.05 per share deal represents a 4.4% premium to yesterday’s closing price. Read more"
" BitFlyer, a Japanese bitcoin exchange, has raised $27 million in Series C funding. SBI Investment led the round, and was joined by return backer Venture Labo Investments. Existing shareholders include Digital Currency Group, Mitsubishi UFJ Capital Co and Dentsu Digital Holdings. www.bitflyer.jp/e"
" RayVio Corp., a Hayward, Calif.-based developer of ultraviolet LED technology for point-of-use water disinfection and other health and hygiene applications, has raised $26 million in new funding co-led by IPV Capital and Tsing Capital. www.rayvio.co"
" Seclore, an India-based provider of enterprise digital rights management solutions, has raised $12 million in Series B funding from Helion Ventures, VentureEast, Sistema Asia Fund and India Alternatives. www.seclore.co"
" TaskEasy, a Salt Lake City-based provider of on-demand exterior maintenance services, has raised $12 million in Series B funding. Delta Electronics Capital led the round, and was joined by Moderne Ventures, MTD Products Inc. and return backers Grotech Ventures, Access Venture Partners and Kickstart Fund. www.taskeasy.co"
" UrbanStems, a Washington, D.C.-based on-demand flower delivery service, has raised $6.8 million in Series A funding. SWaN & Legend Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Middleland Capital, NextGen Venture Partners, Interplay Ventures and Sagamore Ventures. www.urbanstems.co"
" Disruptive Technologies, a Norway-based developer of wireless sensors, has raised around $6.15 million in new VC funding from Ubon Partners. www.disruptive-technologies.co"
" SparkCognition, an Austin, Texas-based cognitive security analysis startup, has raised $6 million in Series B funding. CME Ventures led the round, and was joined by Verizon Ventures and return backers The Entrepreneurs’ Fund and Alameda Ventures. www.sparkcognition.co"
" Immunio, a Montreal-based provider of runtime application software protection solutions, has raised US$5 million in Series A funding led by White Star Capital. www.immunio.i"
" Stem, a Los Angeles-based platform for ensuring musicians and video creators collect money when their content is played online, has raised $4.5 million in new VC funding. Upfront Ventures led the round, and was joined by Vayner Capita, Mark Cuban and Scooter Braun. Read more"
" SnappyData, a real-time analytics platform that is spinning out of Pivotal, has raised $3.65 million in Series A funding from Pivotal, GE Ventures and GTD Capital. Read more"
" ClearTax, a tax filing platform for India, has raised $1.3 million in seed funding from individual angels like Max Levchin, Naval Ravikant and Scott Banister. Read more"
" BlueVine, a Palo Alto, California, provider of working-capital financing to small businesses, has raised an undisclosed amount of strategic funding from Citi Ventures. Existing shareholders include Lightspeed Venture Partners, 83North, Correlation Ventures, Menlo Ventures and the Rakuten Fintech Fund. www.bluevine.co"
" ArcLight Capital Partners has invested around $225 million via a preferred equity PIPE into American Midstream Partners (NYSE: AMID), to fund “the acquisition of interests in strategic Gulf of Mexico midstream infrastructure and incremental ownership in Delta House.” www.americanmidstream.co"
" Francisco Partners has acquired SintecMedia, a New York-based provider of broadcast management software, from a group of shareholders that includes Riverwood Capital. SintecMedia management also participated on the deal. www.sintecmedia.co"
" Pacific Catch, a San Francisco-based chain of seafood restaurants, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Brentwood Associates. www.pacificcatch.co"
" Peak Rock Capital has agreed to acquire Diamond Crystal Brands Inc., a Savannah, Ga.-based maker and distributor of portion control and single serve food and beverage products, from Hormel Foods Corp. (NYSE: HRL). No financial terms were disclosed. www.dcbrands.co"
" The Riverside Company has acquired Momentum Group, an Irvine, Calif.-based provider of sustainable textile products. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Maranon Capital provided an equity co-investment and mezzanine financing. www.themomgroup.co"
" TPG Growth has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Cancer Treatment Services International, a Wexford, Penn.-based network of cancer treatment facilities. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cancertreatmentservices.co"
" Wincove Partners has sponsored a recapitalization of Aloi Solutions LLC, a Rochester, N.Y.-based distributor of material handling and automation solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.aloi.co"
" Vivint Inc., a Provo, Utah-based smart home products company owned by The Blackstone Group, has raised $100 million in new minority equity funding from Solamere Capital and Peter Thiel. Read more"
" Oncobiologics, a Cranbury, N.J.-based developer of biosimilar therapeutics, has set its IPO terms to 5 million shares being offered at between $11 and $13 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $242 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol ONS, with Jefferies and Barclays serving as lead underwriters. Oncobiologics has raised over $43 million in VC funding, from firms like Perceptive Advisors, Cormorant Global Healthcare Master Fund, Longwood Capital Partners, venBio Select Fund, Proximare Lifesciences Fund, OSSB Pharma Fund and MIH Fund. www.oncobiologics.co"
" Red Rock Resorts, a Las Vegas-based operator of 21 casino properties, raised $531 million in its IPO. The company priced 27.3 million shares at $19.50 per share (middle of range), for an initial market cap of approximately $2.26 billion. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol RRR, while Deutsche Bank Securities was listed as left lead underwriter. Read more"
" Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Hopkinton, Mass.-based developer of drugs based on a proprietary small molecule nucleic acid hybrid, has reduced its proposed IPO terms from 2.86 million shares being offered at between $13 and $15 per share, down to 1.15 million shares being offered at between $12 and $14 per share. The pre-revenue company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SBPH, and has replaced original underwriter William Blair with Dawson James Securities. www.springbankpharm.co"
" Telepizza, a Spanish pizza delivery company backed by private equity firm Permira, raised €605 million in Spain’s largest IPO of 2016. Read more"
" Alliance Consumer Growth has sold Ripple Brands Collective LLC (a.k.a. BarkThins), a Congers, N.Y.-based maker of chocolate snack products, to The Hershey Co. (NYSE: HSY). No financial terms were disclosed, although one report pegs the price-tag at around $300 million. Read more"
" MBK Partners has retained Morgan Stanley to sell its stake in ING Life Korea, according to the WSJ. The deal could be worth more than $3 billion. MBK Partners had paid $1.6 billion for the position from Dutch parent ING Groupe back in 2013. Read more"
" Platinum Equity has agreed to sell the European business of Mactac, a Stowe, Ohio-based adhesives maker, to Avery Dennison (NYSE: AVY) for around €200 million (including assumed debt). www.averydennison.co"
" Bank of New York Mellon (NYSE: BK) is in talks to acquire DBV-X, a European repurchase trading platform, from Swiss interdealer broker Tradition (SWX: CFT), according to the FT. Read more"
 Comcast (Nasdaq: CMCS) reportedly is in talks to acquire DreamWorks Animation (Nasdaq: DWA) for approximately $3 billion. Read more
" SumUp, a European mobile payments startup, has merged with rival Payleven. No financial terms were disclosed. Both companies were founded in Berlin, but now are based in the UK. SumUp has raised over $50 million in VC funding, from firms like Propel Venture Partners, Venture Incubator, Groupon, American Express and BBVA Ventures. Payleven backers include Rocket Internet, Holtzbrinck Ventures, NEA, B Cinque, MePay and Seventure Partners. Read more"
" Tech Pack, a Chile-listed packaging group, has retained Citigroup to explore strategic options that could include a sale of the company for around $500 million, according to Bloomberg. Tech Pack’s controlling shareholder is Quinenco SA. Read more"
" Apollo Global Management has partnered with International Finance Corp., a unit of The World Bank, to launch a $1 billion distressed assets fund focused on emerging markets. Read more"
 HTC (TSEC: 2498) has launched a $100 million corporate VC firm focused on virtual reality-centric statrtups. Read more
 Lone Star Funds has closed its fifth global commercial real estate private equity and debt fund with $5.9 billion in capital commitments. Read more
 Meridiam of France has raised €1.3 billion for a new European infrastructure private equity fund. Read more
 CeCe Cheng has joined tech talent platform Andela as director of strategic partnerships. She is a former director of First Round Capital's Dorm Room Fund. www.andela.co
 Chris Price has joined Oak HC/FT as a venture partner. He previously was a senior VP with healthcare advisory firm ADVI Health. www.oakhcft.co
" Ben Wildsmith has joined NorthEdge Capital, a private equity firm focused on Northern England, as a portfolio director. He previously was a corporate finance director with EY. www.northedgecapital.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Today's big deal is that pharma giant AbbVie has agreed to acquire VC-backed cancer drug startup Stemcentrx at what could become an enterprise value of $10.2 billion. In other words, a unicorn just got its wings gilded."
Some quick notes on what could become one of the five largest VC-backed trade sales of all time:
"1. The deal includes $5.8 billion in upfront payments, including $2 billion in stock. Then there is another $4 billion in cash-based earnouts, plus a return to shareholders of Stemcentrx cash on hand."
"2. This represents a stunning return for initial VCs Artis Ventures and WTI, plus Series D entrant Founders Fund (at a $300m valuation). In fact, Stemcentrx was the single largest investment in Founders Fund's history (even more than it invested in SpaceX), and it should return more than the $625 million raised for the fund out of which it first invested and around half of a successor $1 billion fund. Even late-stage backer Fidelity will see positive returns, despite coming in at a $5 billion post-money valuation. So will Sequoia Capital, which first invested at a $2.3 billion pre-money valuation."
"3. Speaking of Fidelity: I am feeling much better this morning about my recent decision to stop reporting its monthly valuation marks. Fidelity had marked down the value of its Stemcentx shares by 37.75% from where it had bought last summer. Again, Fidelity will make money even if Stemcentrx never delivers a dime of the earn-out."
"4. Finally, this is yet another massive VC exit from the life sciences sector, which seems to be having more massive wins than the IT sector (at least relative to its initial investment market share). A number of generalist VC firms backed away from life science investing several years back, a decision that is not looking terribly good right now..."
" Reddit's big biz plan: This morning I posted a piece on the business of controversial social media site Reddit (i.e., how it's making money). Included were comments from co-founder and CEO Steve Huffman, about the company's venture capital situation. He says there is still plenty of cash left in the bank from a $50 million round raised in late 2014, but that another fundraise is likely in early 2017"
" Growing into (early) growth: Menlo Ventures yesterday disclosed that it has raised $250 million for its first-ever ""opportunities"" fund, which will be focused on what it sees as a funding gap for Series B and Series C rounds. Around half of the money is expected to go toward existing Menlo portfolio companies but, for new deals, initial commitments will be matched by the firm's flagship $400 million early-stage fund (so as not to distort LP economics)"
" Brand equity: Lion Capital this morning said that it would acquire a minority equity stake in Authentic Brands Group, a brand development company whose “labels” include retail brands like Juicy Couture and Spyder, plus individual brands like Elvis Presley, Marilyn Monroe and Shaquille O’Neal (who also happens to be a small shareholder)"
"No financial terms were disclosed, but Lion’s Lyndon Lea says that it’s a pro rata purchase from all existing owners, including private equity firm Leonard Green and ABG founder Jamie Salter. He adds that Lion's actual equity ownership isn't yet fixed, but that it likely will end up at between 25% and 33%. More on this one later today on the website..."
" John Snow is dead: Benchmark partner Bill Gurley recently published a comprehensive blog post on his favorite topic: How winter is coming for unicorns, how they did it to themselves (by taking ""dirty"" term sheets from crossover investors) and what it will mean for all stakeholders (startups, investors, employees)"
"It's gotten a lot of attention, but I wanted to highlight one overlooked section:"
"Against this difficult backdrop, many firms are asking their LPs to make new accelerated commitments to their next fund, exactly when evaluation is most difficult and anxiety may be at a cyclical peak...."
One response from the LP community might be to demand commitments from new funds that prohibit inside-led rounds and cross-fund investing. This can help to ensure that new capital is not put to use in an attempt to save previous investment decisions — an activity known as “throwing good money after bad.”
"In other words, Gurley thinks LPs should consider shifting the power paradigm with their VC firms, just as they did with LBO relationships after the Great Recession."
"Interesting idea (and one that is unlikely to actually affect Benchmark), but it's hard to imagine LPs holding that sort of line. LBO firms arguably are more interchangeable than are VC firms in terms of performance, so the risk of losing a relationship is less impactful. Plus, the dollar allocation to VC is usually much smaller than the allocation to PE, so the losses are less but the prospect for massive IRR is higher. And then there is the whole matter of many LP managers getting bonuses for paper IRRs, which lowers their incentive to play hardball for longterm prudence. But I'm interested in your thoughts. Could LPs make a stand here?"
" AbbVie (NYSE: ABBV) has agreed to acquire Stemcentrx, a San Francisco-based cancer drug developer, at what could become a $10.2 billion enterprise value (including earn-outs). Stemcentrx had raised around $550 million in VC funding, most recently at a post-money valuation of $5 billion, from firms like Founders Fund, Artis Ventures, WTI, Sequoia Capital and Fidelity. Read more"
" Drivy, a France-based peer-to-peer car rental platform, has raised €31 million in new VC funding co-led by Cathay Innovations and Nokia Growth Partners. Return backers include Bpifrance, Via-ID and Index Ventures. www.drivy.co"
" Evident.io, a Dublin, Calif.-based provider of cloud infrastructure security and compliance automation solutions, has raised $15.7 million in Series B funding led by Venrock. Existing backers include Bain Capital Ventures and True Ventures. www.evident.i"
" uAvionix, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based developer of aviation communication systems, has raised $5 million in Series A funding led by Playground Global. www.uavionix.co"
" Xola, a San Francisco-based online booking and marketing platform for travel tour providers, has raised $5 million in Series A funding led by the travel agency unit of Japan’s Rakuten. Read more"
" Poncho, a New York-based personalized weather forecasting service, has raised $2 million in seed funding. Lerer Hippeau Ventures led the round, and was joined by such firms as betaworks, Greycroft Partners, Comcast Ventures, Venture51 Capital Partners and RRE Ventures. www.poncho.i"
" SpaceVR, a San Jose, Calif.-based platform for creating cinematic virtual space tourism, has raised $1.25 million in seed funding. Shanda Group led the round, and was joined by Skywood Capital. www.spacevr.c"
" PrecisionHawk, a Raleigh, N.C.-based provider of aerial data and safety technology for drones, said that DuPont has joined its recently-announced $18 million in Series C round. www.precisionhawk.co"
" A.H. Harris, a West Hartford, Conn.-based portfolio company of The Frontenac Co., has acquired Kenseal Construction Products, a Baltimore-based distributor of waterproofing, sealing and other construction products. www.kenseal.co"
" AnaCap Financial Partners is in talks to acquire the French retail operations of Barclays. In other Barclays (LSE: BARC) news, the firm agreed to sell its credit card business in Spain and Portugal to Spanish online bank Bancopopular-e. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Bain Capital, Permira and Thoma Bravo each have made first-round offers to acquire Qlik Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq: QLIK), a Radnor, Penn.-based provider of business intelligence software, according to Bloomberg. Vista Equity Partners also is considering a bid for the company, which currently is valued at around $2.7 billion. Read more"
" CIVC Partners has acquired Sitewise Corp., a Denver-based utilities service provider. No financial terms were disclosed. Sitewise will be merged with existing CIVC portfolio company Track Utilities. www.sitewisecorp.co"
" Investindustrial has agreed to acquire Valtur Group, an operator of vacation resorts in Italy and Croatia, from Sofia Srl (which will retain a minority equity stake). No financial terms were disclosed. www.investindustrial.co"
" Polymer Solutions Group, a portfolio company of Arsenal Capital Partners, has acquired Sasco Chemical Group Inc., an Albany, Ga.-based maker of specialty chemicals for the rubber, wood, consumer and medical industries. No financial terms were disclosed. www.sascochemical.co"
" Silicon Ranch Corp., a Nashville, Tenn.-based solar plant operator, has raised $100 million in new equity funding led by Partners Group. www.siliconranchcorp.co"
" Summit Casing Equipment, a Fort Worth, Texas-based provider of centralizers and float equipment to the oil and gas industry, has secured an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Renovo Capital. www.summitcasing.co"
" TPG Growth has acquired Frank Recruitment Group, a UK-based staffing and recruiting firm focused on the enterprise software market, from the company founders and private equity firm Livingbridge. No financial terms were disclosed. www.frankgroup.co"
"  Intellia Therapeutics, a Cambridge, Mass.-based gene-editing company focused on the development of medicines using CRISPR/Cas9 technology, has set its IPO terms to 5 million shares being offered at between $16 and $18 per share. The pre-revenue company would have an initial market cap of around $583 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. Intellia plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol NTLA, with Credit Suisse, Jefferies and Leerink Partners serving as lead underwriters. It has raised in VC funding, from firms like Novartis (20.3% pre-IPO stake), Atlas Venture (17%), OrbiMed Advisors (9.3%), Fidelity (7.1%), Janus Capital Management, Foresite Capital, Sectoral Asset Management and EcoR1 Capital. www.intelliatx.co"
" Samsung Biologics, a South Korean contract manufacturer for the biotech market, said it is planning to go public later this year in a Seoul IPO that could value the company at upwards of $2.6 billion. Read more"
" Cinven is seeking a buyer for Host Europe Group (HEG), a Germany-based provider of web hosting services to small and mid-sized businesses, according to Reuters. The deal could be worth around $1.9 billion. Read more"
 Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT) has agreed to acquire medical device maker St. Jude Medical (NYSE: WTJ) for approximately $25 billion in cash and stock. The $85 per share value represents around a 37% premium to yesterday’s closing price for St. Jude stock. Read more
 Hanesbrands (NYSE: HBI) has agreed to acquire Australian underwear company Pacific Brands (ASX: PBG) for A$1.1 billion. Read more
" HNA Group of China has agreed to acquire Carlson Hotels, a Minnetonka, Minn.-based hotelier whose brands include Radisson and Country Inns and Suites. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) has agreed to acquire Textura (NYSE: TXTR), a Deerfield, Ill.-based provider of cloud contract and payment management solutions for the construction market. The deal is valued at $663 million in cash. www.texturacorp.co"
" Sanofi (Paris: SAN) has publicly offered to acquire Medivation (Nasdaq: MDVN), a San Francisco-based prostate cancer drug-maker, for $9.3 billion in cash. It originally made the offer privately, but says it did not receive a reply. The Times of London previously reported that Medication had rejected to overture, and that AstraZeneca (LSE: AZN) was preparing a bid of its own. Read more"
"Astorg Partners, a Luxembourg-based private equity firm, has raised nearly $1.96 billion for its sixth fund, according to a regulatory filing. Park Hill Group is serving as placement agent. www.astorg-partners.co"
" Cinven is planning to target €7 billion for its sixth flagship private equity fund, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Binary Capital, a San Francisco-based early-stage consumer tech VC firm, is raising its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. No target is listed. The firm’s first fund was sized at $125 million. www.binarycap.co"
" Menlo Ventures has raised $250 million for its first “opportunities fund,” which will focus on Series B and Series C rounds for tech startups. www.menloventures.co"
 Sunstone Partners has closed its debut fund with $300 million in capital commitments. The firm was recently formed as a spin-out of the growth equity team from Trident Capital. www.sunstonepartners.co
" Balderton Capital, a European VC firm, has named Bernard Liautaud as its first managing partner. He had joined Balderton in 2008, and has led such deals as Citymapper, Talend, Vestiaire Collective, Recorded Future, Sunrise and Qubit. www.balderton.co"
" André Esteves, the former CEO of Brazilian investment bank BTG Pactual, has returned to the firm after being released from jail and house arrest. Late last year, Esteves was arrested as part of a large financial corruption case, which remains ongoing. He will not have an executive role with BTG Pactual, but rather will focus on partnership and strategy issues. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The sun is shining, Carl Icahn has bailed on Apple and the ZeroHedge authors have been unmasked. In other words, it's time for some (lengthy) Friday Feedback:"
 First up are a bunch of emails related to the death of the American Dream
"Cindy: ""Let's not distort reality or chastise the 'affluent' who want to be fiscally responsible and financially secure. We're not wallowing in self-pity, but rather smart enough to realize the importance of saving and avoiding a lifetime of debt.  Privilege aside, here's the reality: your daughter  is already living the American Dream, whatever that means. She'll be just fine as will most others, myself included, who have been born in the U.S. Yes, there remain socioeconomic disparities, so let's focus on the structural issues (tax law, education, cronyism) that create those disparities rather than vilify those that have worked hard to attain a certain level of wealth and yet still fell poor."""
"Brian: ""I've always respected your writing and valued most of your opinions expressed. If, however, you are seriously trying to make the case that an American citizen today who has $200,000 sitting in an investment account, a family to support and recalls market events such as 2001 and 2008, is somehow out of line in feeling insecure about their financial future, I have to question my judgment in reading your column. Is such a person prosperous? Yes. Is he/she ""simply fueling their own narcissism with self-pity?"" Not even close, and to suggest such a thing is very odd."""
"Greg: ""You’ve hit the proverbial nail on the head here. There is a pervasive entitlement culture and accompanying lack of self-discipline that has taken root. As I’ve now reached my mid-40s and fully believe I have lived the American Dream, and as an 'elder' in my firm, I see the large group of 25’s to 35’s in our firm and often shake my head at the financial choices they make. They deserve to drive a $75,000 car..."""
"David: ""I fit into the anxious affluent segment with doubts about the American Dream. I have had a modestly successful career, building and selling a small business for low-seven-figures a few years back. I'm a millionaire on my personal balance sheet and live a good but far from luxurious lifestyle. Nevertheless, I still work for a living in my 50s because I am not yet confident that my investible assets and property are sufficient to live the retirement lifestyle that my wife and I want to live. The reason that I would agree that the American Dream is dead (or on life support) is the unprecedented economic uncertainty here in the U.S., and around the world. Every day I wonder what might happen in the global financial or political system that could make the vast majority of my hard-earned wealth go ""poof"" and disappear. Did I live the American Dream by gaining millionaire status as a small business person? Perhaps. Will I be able to keep it and grow my wealth over the next 30 years in the current economic and political environment?  I have my doubts.  Thus, the 'Dream' is more like an anxiety-filled nightmare to me."""
"Kirsten: ""$200K of investable assets doesn’t get you very far if you factor in that most of the survey respondents need to save for retirement and probably dream of sending their kids to college. I can’t imagine many of the respondents have a pension, and suspect very few would qualify for financial aid. Leaving aside retirement, even an amount double $200K isn’t going to send 2.5 kids to a 4 year college without drowning them in student debt."""
"Stephen: ""As a student preparing to enter the workforce, it is often discouraging to hear people talk about the waning of the American Dream. However, if you're right and the problem is sentiment among successful people in our country, the spreading of commentary like the one you provided is a step in the right direction."""
"Steve: ""You're too much of a socialist to spend all day working on finance industry trends ― maybe that's what makes it more interesting."""
"KC: ""I remain hopeful for E, and also for my own children... America is not without problems, of course, but people can still move quite a ways along with a combination of hard work, dedication, and yes, a little luck. Most of the rest of the world knows this, which is why people still immigrate here.  For some reason, though, it seems to be lost on the entitled class."""
" Some replies to Bill Gurley's suggestion that LPs only commit to VC funds that prohibit inside-led rounds and cross-fund investing. Josh: ""I have no idea if the market dynamics make this possible or not, but I question the premise. Some term elements are strictly a splitting of the pie between LPs and GPs, and in times of leverage, maybe one party wants to increase its share of the pie. That makes sense to me. But trying to constrain what looks to me like fundamentally poor decisions by contract ― contractually bar investors from putting ""good money after bad"" ― feels misguided. Sure, maybe you ask for that, but why are you committing to invest in managers who you think would do this? And if they are that kind of investor, why not be happy you found out and sit out the next fund?"
"Clayton: ""While the issue Gurley raises is important, his proposed solution is equally likely to hamstring new funds from profitably investing and taking advantage of pro rata rights in successful portfolio investments by affiliated closed or fully-invested funds who can assign those rights to new affiliated funds. The customary way to address the conflict potential is requiring an independent board (such as an advisory board) to approve. The more interesting question is whether any payment ought to be made between the funds for the assignment of the rights."""
" J: ""Somewhere along the line it was forgotten that your burn rate is someone else's salary. And if we can get more people to pour money into entrepreneurs, and therefore jobs, great. Sure I get why VCs would like founders to do more with less. Maybe they will get their way and driverless cares and two guys in a garage will be all the overhead we need to make them billions, but I don't see it, and I don't want it either."
" Nate: ""I wouldn't gloat too much yet over the Fidelity write-down of Stemcentrx, since that was as of Feb. 29. They might have marked it back up in March."
"Paul: ""Unicorns do not have wings. That would be a Pegasus! I thank my years of D&D for the distinction."""
 Have a great weekend..
" Rovi Corp. (Nasdaq: ROVI) has agreed to acquire TiVo Inc. (Nasdaq: TIVO) for approximately $1.1 billion in cash and stock, or $10.70 per share (15.8% premium to Wednesday’s opening price). Read more"
" Stance, a San Clemente, Calif.-based lifestyle apparel company, has raised $30 million in Series D funding. Mercato Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers August Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers, Menlo Ventures, Shasta Ventures and Sherpa Capital. www.stance.co"
"  World View, a Tucson, Ariz.-based, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Canaan Partners led the round, and was joined by Norwest Venture Partners, Tencent, Moment Ventures and Base Ventures. www.worldview.spac"
"  Levyx Inc., an Irvine, Calif.-based provider of big data infrastructure solutions, has raised $5.4 million in Series A funding. OCA Ventures led the round, and was joined by Amino Capital, Sumavision USA Corp. and individual angels. www.levyx.co"
"  Slantrange, a San Diego-based provider of aerial remote sensing and analytics for agriculture, has raised $5 million in Series A funding led by The Investor Group. www.slantrange.co"
"  VividCortex, a Charlottesville, Va.-based database performance monitoring company, has raised $4.5 million in Series A funding. New Enterprise Associates led the round, and was joined by return backer Battery Ventures. www.vividcortex.co"
"  Kitchit, a San Francisco-based startup focused on bringing a restaurant experience into user's homes, has shut down. The company had raised $7.5 million in Series A funding in late 2014 led by Javelin Venture Partners. Read more"
" Clayton Dubilier & Rice has agreed to acquire German sausage casings maker Kalle from Silverfleet Capital. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Silverfleet says that it expects a 3.5x return multiple on its original €71.5 million investment (and a 22.5% IRR). www.crd-inc.co"
"  Goldman Sachs Merchant Banking and Silverfern have agreed to acquire Continental Bakeries, a Dutch maker of private-label biscuits and other bakery products, from NPM Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.continentalbakeries.co"
"  Indigo Minerals, a Houston-based mining company operating in Louisiana and East Texas, has raised $375 million in equity funding. Trilantic North America led the round with a $300 million commitments, and was joined by return backers Martin Companies, Yorktown Partners and Ridgemont Equity Partners. Indigo also announced the acquisition of certain producing properties and undeveloped acreage in the Cotton Valley and Haynesville plays"
" Turning Point Brands Inc., a Louisville, Ky.-based maker of ""other tobacco products"" like loose leaf chew and Zig Zag rolling paper, set its IPO terms to 5.4 million shares being offered at between $13 and $15 per share. It would have a fully diluted market value of around $278 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol TPB, with FBR and Cowen & Co. serving as underwriters. www.zigzag.co"
" Brazos Private Equity is in talks to sell Ennis-Flint Traffic Safety, a Thomasville, N.C.-based maker of road paints, according to Bloomberg. The company could be worth upwards of $1 billion. www.ennistraffic.co"
"  Wellspring Capital Management has hired Piper Jaffray to find a buyer for National Seating & Mobility Inc., a Franklin, Tenn.-based maker of rehabilitation equipment, according to the WSJ. The company could be valued at around $400 million. www.nsm-seating.co"
" Alere Inc. (NYSE: ALR) said that it has rejected a request from Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT) to terminate Abbott’s $5.8 billion agreement to purchase Alere. Abbott says it is concerned about various representation made by Alere, and offered between $30 million and $50 million to kill the existing agreement, which values Alere shares more than 50% above their current trading price. Read more"
"  Anheuser-Busch InBev has offered to sell the Central and Eastern European businesses of SABMiller (LSE: SAB), in order to gain regulatory approval for its $100 billion brewery mega-merger. Read more"
"  Carl Icahn said that he no longer owns any shares in Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL), largely due to concerns over possible interference by the Chinese government. Read more"
  Central Group (Thailand) has agreed to acquire Vietnamese grocery chain Big C from Casino Guichard-Perrachon (Paris: CO) for around $1.1 billion. Read more
  Comcast (Nasdaq: CMCS) confirmed that it will acquire DreamWorks Animation (Nasdaq: DWA) for approximately $3.8 billion. Read more
"  Eni SpA (BIT: ENI) has hired Goldman Sachs to hire most of its retail gas and power business, according to Reuters. The deal could be worth up to $3.4 billion, with bidders expected to include Edison (Italian unit of EDF), Gas Natural (Spain) and Centrica (UK). Private equity firms also may have interest. Read more"
  SpaceX secured an $83 million U.S. Air Force contract for a GPS satellite launch. Read more
"  Telegram, a Russian messaging app, is denying local media reports that it was approached for a takeover by Google (Nasdaq: GOOG). Read more"
" Ares Management and Apollo Investment each are bidding for American Capital (Nasdaq: ACAS), a Bethesda, Md.-based private equity and credit investment firm with around a $3.7 billion market cap, according to Reuters. Read more"
  Fortress Investment Group has agreed to sell its Convex Asia hedge fund unit to group management and London-based City Financial Investment Co. Convex Asia managed around $184 million as of February. Read more
  Mayfield has closed its fifteenth early-stage VC fund with $400 million in capital commitments. It also has raised a $125 million “select” fund for later-stage investments. www.mayfield.co
" Olympus Partners, a Stamford, Conn.-based private equity firm, has named Jim Conroy as its third managing partner. He joined the firm back in 1990, and currently sits on the boards of portfolio companies FFR Merchandising, IXS and Ritedose. www.olympuspartners.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Gene Trainor announced on Friday that he is stepping down as chief operating officer of Foundation Capital, a role he assumed in 2010 (before which he spent nearly a decade as COO of New Enterprise Associates). But this isn’t a retirement, nor is Trainor moving on to another venture capital firm. Instead, he’s planning to become a middle school math teacher in San Francisco’s public schools."
"Trainor says that when he moved out to Silicon Valley to join Foundation, he knew he wanted to “give back,” but didn’t know how or where. He soon hooked up with The Smart Foundation, an education-focused nonprofit founded by venture capitalists Roger Lee (Battery Ventures) and Chip Linehan (NEA)."
"“It really introduced me to the educational challenges in low-income communities, and it began to resonate,” Trainor says. “I eventually realized that this is something I wanted to do fulltime… My kids have all been very fortunate, going to private schools, but the idea of teaching kids like them ― upper and upper middle-class ― didn’t really spark my interest.”"
"So Trainor and Foundation launched a transition plan last fall, and he plans to enroll in a San Francisco teacher residency program jointly run by Stanford and the University of San Francisco. If he passes his tests and is accepted, he’ll get put right into a middle school classroom in one of San Francisco’s lower-income areas, while working to get his Master’s degree in education at night."
"He admits to being a bit nervous, particularly as he hasn’t worked with non-business math in a long time, and because today’s teaching methods differ significantly from when he went to school. “Those concerns exist, but they’re overwhelmed by how invigorating this already has been. I feel like it’s going to add so much youth to me as a person, and hopefully help so many kids.”"
" Fund scoop: Heritage Group, a Nashville, Tenn.-based VC and growth equity firm focused on the healthcare sector, has closed its second fund with around $220 million in capital commitments. This is a step-up from the $170 million that Heritage raised for its debut fund in 2011"
"Heritage managing director Paul Wallace says that there are no financial institutions serving as LPs, as the firm prefers strategic LPs like Cardinal Health, Cerner, Community Health Systems, Tenet Healthcare. In that way, it’s a bit like an outsourced corporate VC group with more traditional financial incentivers (even though several of its LPs have their own direct investment programs)."
"“Their engagement and involvement drives deal origination,” Wallace explains, adding that the LPs can aid with commercialization for earlier-stage portfolio companies."
" An uncommon Pillar: Last week we reported on the formation of Pillar Cos., a $100 million-targeted VC firm founded by Jamie Goldstein, who had spent the past 18 years with North Bridge Venture Partners. Now we have some more details"
"The Boston-based firm plans to be the first money into tech startups, and is being launched in partnership with 17 local entrepreneurs. This includes the CEOs of such companies as Actifio, DraftKings, Rapid7, Netezza, TripAdvisor and Wayfair. These folks will help source deals, advise portfolio companies and even serve as Pillar's board representatives in select situations."
"""I spent a lot of time talking with entrepreneurs after leaving North Bridge, trying to understand what they were looking for in a VC firm, and why VC has such a terrible reputation among so many of them,"" Goldstein says. ""What so many of them want are people who really understand their daily struggles and who structure deals with a real alignment of interests."""
"To that end, Pillar plans to mostly invest for common shares, instead of preferred. Goldstein says that his analysis shows the VC advantage of preferred stock is essentially a rounding error, and that it sends the wrong message to entrepreneurs and employees."
" Buffett-Palooza: My Fortune colleagues Steve Gandell spent the weekend in Omaha, and has full coverage of what the Oracle and his disciples had to say. Check it all out by going here. We've also got a piece from Buffett himself, on how he would solve America's trade issues"
" Giving back: KKR yesterday celebrated its 40th anniversary, and today announced an affiliated initiative whereby employees will receive 40 hours of paid time off to ""volunteer and give back to the organizations in their communities."" Big kudos on this"
" Pay it forward: Last night's 60 Minutes had a piece on financial tech innovation, highlighting payments ""unicorn"" Stripe. We interviewed Stripe's co-founding brothers ― John and Patrick Collison ― at the most recent Fortune Brainstorm Tech event. You can watch the full conversation by going here"
" Halliburton Co. (NYSE: HAL) and Baker   Hughes  Inc. (NYSE: BHI) have called off their $35 billion merger agreement, following regulatory challenges in the U.S. and Europe. Halliburton will be required to pay a $3.5 billion breakup fee, for which Baker Hughes already has plans. Read more"
" Homology Medicines Inc., a Lexington, Mass.-based gene editing and gene therapy company focused on developing treatments for patients with rare diseases, has raised $43.5 million in Series A funding. 5AM Ventures and ARCH Venture Partners co-led the round, and were joined by Temasek and Deerfield Management. www.homologymedicines.co"
" Sienna Biopharmaceuticals Inc., a Westlake Village, Calif.-based aesthetics and medical dermatology startup, has raised $34 million in Series A funding. ARCH Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Altitude Life Science Ventures, Partner Fund Management and Venvest Capital. www.siennabio.co"
" Varo Money, a consumer-facing mobile banking app, has raised more than $27 million in first-round funding led by Warburg Pincus. Read more"
" Home Chef, a Chicago-based recipe and meal box subscription service, has raised $10 million in Series A funding co-led by Shining Capital and Guild Capital. Read more"
" EclecticIQ, an Amsterdam-based provider of threat intelligence solutions for enterprise and government clients, has raised €5.5 million in Series A funding from INKEF Capital and KPN Ventures. www.eclecticiq.co"
" SAM Labs, a London-based provider of IoT design kits for kids, has raised £3.2 million in new VC funding led by Imperial Ventures. Read more"
" CodeCombat, a San Francisco-based startup that is gamifying learning to code, has raised $2 million in seed funding from Third Kind Venture Capital, Andreessen Horowitz and Allen & Company. www.codecombat.co"
" ABRY Partners has completed its previously-announced acquisition of SambaSafety, an Albuquerque, N.M.-based provider of cloud-based driver risk management solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Main Street Capital Corp., while Antares Capital provided debt financing to support the deal. www.sambasafety.co"
" Advent International, Bain Capital and Clessidra have partnered on a deal to acquire the Setefi and Intesa Sanpaolo Card payment units of Italy’s Intesa Sanpaolo (BIT: ISP) for approximately $1.2 billion. Read more"
" Anne Arundel Dermatology Management, a Severna Park, Md.-based dermatology practice network owned by New MainStream Capital, has acquired Rockville, Md.-based Montgomery Dermatology Associates LLC. No financial terms were disclosed. www.aadermatology.com"
" Apax Partners has completed its previously-announced acquisition of InfoVista SA, a French provider of network management software, from Thoma Bravo. No financial terms were disclosed. www.infovista.co"
" Concordia Healthcare Corp. (TSX: CXR), a Canadian pharma company with a current market cap of C$1.86 billion, has hired Greenhill & Co. to solicit potential buyers, according to Bloomberg. Apollo Global Management and TPG Capital reportedly are among those that have been contacted, while Bloomberg previously reported that the company had held preliminary takeover talks with The Blackstone Group. Read more"
" Kohlberg & Co. has acquired Amendia, a Marietta, Ga.-based maker of medical devices used in spinal surgical procedures. No financial terms were disclosed. www.amendia.co"
" MSouth Equity Partners has sponsored a recapitalization of Hire Dynamics, an Atlanta-based industrial staffing company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.hiredynamics.co"
" West Star Aviation, a Grand Junction, Colo.-based provider of MRO services for the business aviation industry, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Norwest Equity Partners. www.weststaraviation.co"
" Wow Internet, Cable & Phone, an Evansville, Ind.-based provider of residential and consumer broadband services, has raised $40 million in new equity funding from existing backers Avista Capital Partners and Crestview Partners. www.wowway.co"
" Acacia Communications, a Maynard, Mass.-based provider of transceivers for ultra-high speed fiber optic transmission to the telecom infrastructure industry, has set its IPO terms to 4.5 million shares being offered at between $21 and $23 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $784 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol ACIA, with Goldman Sachs, BofA Merrill Lynch and Deutsche Bank serving as lead underwriters. Acacia reports $40.5 million of net income on $239 million in revenue for 2015, compared to $13.5 million of net income on $146 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Shareholders include Matrix Partners (39.2% pre-IPO stake), Commonwealth Capital Ventures (19.7%), Summit Partners (9.4%) and Egan Managed Capital. www.acacia-inc.co"
"  SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc. (f.k.a. John Deere Landscapes), a Roswell, Ga.-based wholesale distributor of landscape supplies in the U.S., has set its IPO terms to 10 million shares being offered at between $20 and $22 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $830 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade under ticker symbol SITE, with Deutsche Bank serving as lead underwriter. SiteOne reports $20.8 million of net income on $1.45 billion in revenue for 2015. Owners include Clayton Dubilier & Rice and Deere & Co. www.siteone.co"
" Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) has agreed to acquire Opower (NYSE: OPWR), an Arlington, Va.-based provider of data analytics software to big energy companies, for $532 million (net of Opower’s cash) or $10.30 per share. Sellers would include New Enterprise Associates, which holds a 16.85% stake. Read more"
" Vimeo, a video sharing site owned by IAC/InterActiveCorp (Nasdaq: IAC), has acquired VHX, a Brooklyn-based platform for premium OTT video channels. No financial terms were disclosed. VHX had raised over $10 million in VC funding from firms like Comcast Ventures, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, Lowercase Capital, WME and Union Square Ventures. Read more"
" American International Group (NYSE: AIG) has raised $1.25 billion via a block sale of some of its stake in Chinese insurer PICC Property and Casualty Co Ltd. (HK: 2328), according to IFR. Read more"
" Acquisio, a Quebec-based provider of performance marketing solutions for small businesses, has raised an undisclosed amount of venture debt financing from Wellington Financial. www.acquisio.co"
" Bankruptcy Management Solutions, an Irvine, Calif.-based provider of bankruptcy administration software, has retained Houlihan Lokey to find a buyer, according to Dow Jones. www.bmsadvantage.co"
" Hunan Dakang Pasture Farming Co Ltd., a unit of Shanghai Pengxin Group Co., has acquired a 57% stake in Brazilian grains company Fiagril Participações SA. No financial terms were disclosed, although Reuters says the deal could value Fiagril at around $290 million. Read more"
" State Grid Corp. of China, China Three Gorges Corp. and Italy's Enel SpA each have submitted bids for a 16% stake in listed Brazilian renewable energy company Renova Energia SA, according to Reuters. The new auction comes after SunEdison withdrew a $250 million offer last year, in a process that also included interest from TPG Capital and Brookfield Asset Management. Read more"
" Zain, a listed Kuwaiti telecom company, has agreed to acquire a 92.3% stake in Sudanese fixed line operator Canar for around $95 million from Abu Dhabi-listed Etisalat. Read more"
" Altas Partners, a Toronto-based private equity firm founded by ex-Onex Partners managing director Andrew Shiner, has closed its debut fund with $1 billion in capital commitments. The vehicle has a 17-year investment cycle, and only charges management fees on invested capital. Read more"
"Leerink Capital Partners is raising up to $250 million for a new VC fund, according to a regulatory filing. It also is raising up to $50 million for a Massachusetts-focused VC fund. www.leerink.com"
"Rothenberg Ventures, a San Francisco-based seed and early-stage VC firm, is raising up to $50 million for its next fund, according to a regulatory filing. It already has secured $17 million. www.rothenbergventures.com"
" David Druley has been named chairman and CEO of Cambridge Associates, effective July 1. He previously had served as the alternative investment advisory firm’s president, a role that now will be filled by Philip Walton. Sandra Urie, who has been with Cambridge Associates since 1985 and CEO for the past 16 years, will remain “actively involved” in an of counsel role. www.cambridgeassociates.co"
" FTV Capital has promoted Brad Bernstein to managing partner. He will continue to lead the growth equity firm’s New York office, while fellow managing partner Richard Garman will continue to lead its San Francisco office. Bernstein joined FTV Capital in 2003 from Oak Hill Capital Management. www.ftvcapital.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Some very quick notes to kick off your Tuesday, before getting to a ridiculous amount of deal news:"
" Opportunity is the new black: There was an SEC filing last week from Boston-based .406 Ventures, showing that it is raising upwards of $80 million for its first ""opportunities"" fund. This follows recent opportunities fund news from Data Collective, Mayfield and Menlo Ventures. Two quick thoughts: (1) All of these 'extra' fund are going to play havoc with VC industry overhang statistics, since a lot of this capital will never be deployed (almost by design); (2) While such vehicles certainly can cause alignment of interest (and GP focus) issues for LPs who don't participate, they do seem preferable to the likely alternative (i.e., company-specific SPVs)"
" No, Dell didn't: Once Dell Inc. completes its $59 billion merger with EMC Corp. later this year, the combined company will be known as Dell Technologies. I know, I know... they blew an amazing chance to call it Run-DMC. And for that they should be deeply ashamed (trademarks notwithstanding)"
"The combined company’s client services business will be branded as Dell Inc., while its enterprise business will be branded as Dell EMC."
"Also worth noting that Dell is still awaiting SEC approval on an third amended proxy statement that it filed on April 11. Once that happens, the EMC shareholder vote can be formally scheduled. Given that there is usually a 30-45 day lag between such approval and an actual vote, it appears much more likely that EMC shareholders will get together in June (rather than in May, as originally expected)."
" Update: Last week we discussed how Fidelity had marked down Stemcentrx, the cancer drug startup that just agreed to be acquired by AbbVie for upwards of $10.2 billion (i.e., a premium to where Fidelity had first invested, let alone the deep valuation cut). That mark was through the end of February, and new data shows that Fidelity brought the shares back up to cost at the end of March"
"There also were some interesting comments on all of this from Stemcentrx CEO Brian Slingerland, per Jessica Lessin of The Information:"
"""Fidelity marked us down 40% while we were trending upwards,” Slingerland told me, noting that he was told the decision was driven purely by an audit committee and that the portfolio manager didn’t agree. “It is insane to have an audit committee determine your valuation,” he added, saying the writedown earlier this year caused anxiety among multiple parties that had been interested in acquiring Stemcentrx. “The assumption is that the investors know something. They didn’t.”"
"Good work pays off: Two years ago I wrote about venture capital firm Bay Partners, in a piece titled ""The best VC firm you thought was dead and buried."" It basically explained how Bay, a relic of the dotcom days, had quietly begun generating serious liquidity out of its legacy portfolio, thanks in part to the work of Stu Philips, a veteran investor who was brought in expressly for that purpose"
"Now, according to his LinkedIn profile, Philips has a new job: Managing director at Insight Venture Partners, based in San Francisco. No comment yet from Philips or Insight."
"AlliedBarton Security Services, a Conshohocken, Penn.-based provider of security officer services, has agreed to merge with Santa Ana, Calif.-based rival Universal Services of America. In a statement, the two companies say they are of similar size, and would generate combined annual revenue of approximately $4.5 billion"
"Wendel SE acquired a 95% stake in AlliedBarton last December for around $1.68 billion (including a $687m equity investment), and in the merger would receive around $387 million in cash and 33% of the combined company’s shares. Warburg Pincus acquired Universal Services of America last July for an undisclosed amount, and the combined business will operate under the Universal Services brand. www.universalpro.com"
" MobiKwik, an India-based mobile wallet company, has raised $50 million in Series C funding. Japan’s GMO and Taiwan’s Mediatek co-led the round, and were joined by Sequoia Capital India and Treeline Asia. Read more"
" Digital Reasoning, a Nashville, Tenn.-based cognitive computing startup, has raised $40 million in Series D funding. Lemhi Ventures and Nasdaq co-led the round, and were joined by return backers Goldman Sachs and HCA. www.digitalreasoning.co"
" Maana, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based analytics platform that “operationalizes big data insights into line-of-business applications,” has raised $26 million in Series B funding. Saudi Aramco Energy Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Shell Technology Ventures, GE Ventures, Chevron Technology Ventures, Intel Capital and Frost Data Capital. www.maana.i"
" Zooz, an Israeli payments platform designed to reduce the percentage of international credit cards being rejected, has raised $24 million in Series C funding. Target Global Ventures led the round, and was joined by Fang Fund, iAngelsm, Kreos Capital and return backers like Blumberg Capital, Lool Ventures, Rhodium, Access Industries, XSeed Capital and CampOne Ventures. Read more"
" Bench, a Vancouver-based online bookkeeping service for small businesses and independent contractors, has raised US$16 million in Series B funding. Bain Capital Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Altos Ventures and Contour Venture Partners. www.bench.c"
" Envera Health, a Richmond, Va.-based provider of consumer engagement solutions for healthcare providers, has raised $14 million in new VC funding. Harbert Venture Partners and Noro-Moseley Partners co-led the round, and were joined by New Richmond Ventures. www.enverahealth.co"
" Jolla, a Finland-based developer of an alternative mobile OS called Sailfish, has raised $12 million in Series C funding. No investors were identified. Read more"
" MakeTime, a Lexington, Ky.-based “manufacturing platform that monetizes machine capacity,” has raised $8 million in new VC funding. Foundry Group led the round, and was joined by return backers Almaz Capital and the Kentucky Science & Technology Corp. www.maketime.i"
" Roam, an international network of communal living spaces, has raised $3.3 million in seed funding. CRV led the round, and was joined by Collaborative Fund, NextView Ventures and individual angels. www.roam.c"
" Actis has agreed to sell its remaining minority stake in XP Investimentos, a Brazilian retail brokerage, to General Atlantic. No financial terms were disclosed. www.act.i"
" Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners have acquired Vertafore, a Bothell, Wash.-based provider of insurance industry software, from TPG Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.vertafore.co"
" Cookie Chips, a Gardena, Calif.-based packaged snackmaker, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Alliance Consumer Growth. www.cookiechips.co"
" Epic Health Services Inc., a Dallas-based portfolio company of Webster Capital, has acquired Care Resources, a Baltimore-based provider of pediatric therapy and early intervention services for children with special needs, plus staffing of education teachers and nurses to schools. No financial terms were disclosed. The seller was ResCare, a portfolio company of Onex Corp. www.epichealthservices.co"
" Dwyer Group Inc., a Waco, Texas-based franchising portfolio platform sponsored by The Riverside Company, has acquired Locatec, a leak detection and repair business with 55 franchise locations in Germany and Austria. No financial terms were disclosed. www.dwyergroup.co"
" Novolex, a Hartsville, S.C.-based portfolio company of Wind Point Partners, has acquired Heritage Bag Co., a Roanoke, Texas-based manufacturer of plastic can liners and other packaging products. No financial terms were disclosed. www.heritage-bag.co"
" PetroChoice, a Riddlesburg, Penn.-based lubrication solutions provider owned by Golden Gate Capital, has acquired the new oil business of Universal Lubricants, a Wichita, Kansas-based portfolio company of Pegasus Capital Advisors. No financial terms were disclosed. www.petrochoice.co"
" Spinal Simplicity, an Overland Park, Kansas-based developer of medical devices for comkplex spinal surgeries, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Nueterra Capital. www.spinalsimplicity.co"
" Strattam Capital has completed its previously-announced acquisition of a majority stake in Blacksmith Applications Inc., a Lawrence, Mass.-based trade spend management SaaS platform for the consumer packaged goods market. No financial terms were disclosed. www.blacksmithapps.co"
" Teton Waters Ranch, a Denver-based producer of grass-fed beer products like sausages and chili, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Sunrise Strategic Partners. www.tetonwatersranch.co"
" Webster Capital has acquired Healthcare Associates of Texas, a physician practice management company that provides services to Healthcare Associates of Irving, a full-service primary care practice in Dallas. No financial terms were disclosed. www.webstercapital.co"
" Xact Data Discovery, a Mission, Kansas-based portfolio company of Clearview Capital, has acquired F1 Discovery LLC, a San Francisco-based provider of electronic discovery services to law firms and corporations. No financial terms were disclosed. www.xactdatadiscovery.co"
"  Cotiviti Holdings Inc., an Atlanta-based provider of payment accuracy software for the healthcare and retail sectors, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol COTV, with Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan serving as lead underwriters. The company reports nearly $14 million of net income in 2015 on $541 million in revenue, compared to a $26 million loss on $441 million in revenue for 2014. Citiviti is owned by Advent International. www.cotiviti.co"
" CCMP Capital is exploring a sale of Jamieson Laboratories, a Canadian vitamin maker that could be valued at around $1 billion, according to the WSJ. Nomura and Houlihan Lokey are managing the process. Read more"
" Leeds Equity Partners has completed its previously-announced sale of Evanta, a Portland, Ore.-based provider of executive leadership development and collaborative exchange programs, to CEB (NYSE: CEB) for $275 million in cash. Leeds had paid $94 million to acquire Evanta back in 2012. www.evanta.co"
" Aeropostale, a New York-based casual clothing retailer, reportedly is planning to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and close 100 stores. Read more"
" Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. (Nasdaq: AAPC) has agreed to acquire TLA Worldwide PLC (AIM: TLA), a UK-based sports marketing and athlete representation firm, for just over $200 million in cash (up to $60m) and stock. www.tlaww-plc.co"
 Biogen (Nasdaq: BIIB) announced plans for a tax-free spinout of its hemophilia drug business. Read more
" Chegg Inc. (NYSE: CHGG) has acquired Imagine Easy Solutions, a New York-based provider of online bibliography solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.chegg.co"
" DAS Health, a Tampa, Fla.-based provider of health IT and management services, has acquired the electronic health records and practice management business of Mobile, Ala.-based Jackson Key Practice Solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.jkps.co"
" Fairway Group Holdings Corp. (Nasdaq: FWM), a New York-based supermarket chain, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Read more"
" Formlabs, a Somerville, Mass.-based maker of 3D printers, has acquired Pinshape, a Vancouver-based online 3D printing community. Formlabs has raised over $20 million in VC funding, from firms like DFJ Growth, Kima Ventures and Pitango Venture Capital. Pinshape was backed by 500 Startups. Read more. Read more"
" GNC (NYSE: GNC), a Pittsburgh-based retailer of nutritional supplements and other wellness products, said that it has hired Goldman Sachs to explore “strategic and financial alternatives,” including a possible sale of the company. GNC has a current market cap of around $1.78 billion, and the announcement came after an underwhelming earnings report. Read more"
" Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) has acquired Synergyse, a Canadian provider of  training software for Google Apps users. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
 International Paper (NYSE: IP) has agreed to acquire the cellulose fibers pulp business of Weyerhaeuser (NYSE: WY) for $2.2 billion. Read more
" Asos (AIM: ASC), a British fashion retailer, has launched a corporate venture group (Asos Ventures) focused on fashion technology startups. It will be run in partnership with Waayra, a unit of Telefónica. Read more"
BlackRock has closed its third direct co-investment private equity fund with over $630 million in capital commitments. www.blackrock.com
" Jacques Brand is stepping down as CEO of North American operations at Deutsche Bank, in order to join PJT Partners, according to the NY Times. Read more. Read more"
" Brennan Libbey has joined Livingstone, a Chicago-based M&A and debt advisory, as a partner in the firm’s new Los Angeles office. He previously was head of business services at Houlihan Lokey. www.livingstonepartners.co"
" Eval Rabinovich, co-founder of PlayScape, has joined the investment team of London-based VC firm Octopus Ventures. www.octopusventures.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Today's column didn't quite come together in time, so just some very quick notes to kick off National Candied Orange Peel Day:"
" Steve says: Blackstone Group CEO Steve Schwarzman was on CNBC yesterday, and had two macro thoughts of note: (1) Throw out the anemic Q1 U.S. GDP numbers ""because it's been wrong tragically the last several years."" The real figure, he believes, is around 2%. (2) He believes the slower global economic growth will last ""longer than you thing,"" because of low interest rates"
 That's so MAVEN: Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners yesterday announced that they had acquired insurance software company Vertafore from TPG Capital. This comes just as Bain/Vista is competing with TPG for the core assets of Yahoo (both groups appear to have advanced to Round 2). Might have been easier to just go in as a trio (plus it would have saved TPG a bunch of calls to LPs for big co-invest commitments)
"Also worth noting that neither KKR nor Silver Lake, both of which were tied to Yahoo, remain in the process."
" Specificity: When we originally reported on General Motors agreeing to purchase autonomous vehicle software maker Cruise, sources told us that the price was ""north of $1 billion."" We've since learned that it's closer to $1.25 billion"
" Just too easy: Insert ""Carly Fiorina failed merger"" joke here"
" New firm alert: Xiang He Fund has been launched as a new Palo Alto-based VC firm by Hesong Tang, former head of business development at Baidu (and, before that, an exec with both Microsoft and Cisco). According to a regulatory filing, Tang is seeking upwards of $250 million for its debut fund"
---------------------------------------
" In Memoriam: Tom Quinn, a longtime managing partner with private equity firm The Jordan Co., passed away last Friday after a battle with cancer. He was 68 years-old, and is survived by his wife and two children"
"Quinn joined The Jordan Company in 1988, and is credited with forming its operations management group and continuing to lead both its U.S. and China operations management teams. His current portfolio company board seats included Healthcare Product Holdings, Sensus, Watchfire Enterprise and Worldwide Clinical Trials. Prior to joining the firm, Quinn was a group VP for Baxter International."
"A memorial service will be held at First Presbyterian Church of Lake Forest tomorrow at 1pm. His family asks that, in lieu of flowers, that donations in Tom's memory be made to Misericordia, Attn. Sister Rosemary Connelly."
Rest in peace Tom.
" Hellman & Friedman is in advanced talks to acquire MultiPlan, a New York-based healthcare services provider, from Starr Investment Holdings for around $7.5 billion (including assumed debt), according to the WSJ. Read more"
" VTS, a New York-based commercial real estate leasing and asset management platform, has raised $55 million in Series C funding. Insight Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by OpenView Venture Partners and Trinity Ventures. Read more"
" ChargePoint, a Campbell, Calif-based electric vehicle charging network, has raised $50 million in new VC funding. Linse Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers like Braemar Energy Ventures and Constellation Energy. Existing shareholders include Rho Ventures, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, BMW iVentures and Siemens. Read more"
" IDEAYA Biosciences Inc., a California-based developer of personalized synthetic lethality medicines, has raised $46 million in Series A funding. Backers include 5AM Ventures, Canaan Partners, Celgene, WuXi Healthcare Ventures, Novartis Institute of Biomedical Research and Alexandria Real Estate. www.ideayabio.co"
" ROLI, a London-based developer of connected music devices, has raised $27 million in Series B funding. Foundry Group led the round, making it Foundry’s first-ever deal outside the U.S. BGF Ventures and Founders Fund also participated, alongside return backers Balderton Capital, FirstMark Capital, Index Ventures, Horizons Ventures and Universal Music Group. www.roli.co"
" Appboy, a New York-based “customer relationship suite for mobile-first marketers,” has raised $20 million in Series C funding. Battery Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers like Blumberg Capital, Bullpen Capital, IDG Ventures, InterWest Partners, Metamorphic Ventures and Rally Ventures. www.appboy.co"
" Assent Compliance, an Ottawa-based provider of SaaS solutions for managing supply chain and product compliance efforts, has raised Cdn$20 million in growth equity funding. Volition Capital led the round, and was joined by the OpenText Enterprise Application Fund, Business Development Bank of Canada, National Research Council of Canada Industrial Research Assistance Program. www.assentcompliance.co"
" Winc (f.k.a. Club W), a Los Angeles-based online wine retailer, has raised $17.5 million in new VC funding co-led by Shining Capital and return backer Bessemer Venture Partners. www.clubw.co"
" Sirnaomics Inc., a Gaithersburg, Md.-based developer of RNAi therapeutics, has raised $10 million in Series B funding led by Hong Kong-based Value Measured Investment Ltd. www.sirnaomics.co"
" Passport Inc., a Charlotte, N.C.-based provider of cloud software for city transit and parking apps, has raised $8 million in Series B funding. MK Capital led the round, and was joined by Grotech Ventures and Relevance Capital. Read more"
" Full Measure Education Inc., a Washington, D.C.-based mobile platform for post-secondary student communication and administrative management needs, has raised $6 million in Series B funding led by Safeguard Scientifics. www.fullmeasureed.co"
" DFLabs, an Italy-based provider of automated cyber incident management and response, has raised $5.5 million in Series A funding from Evolution Equity Partners. www.dfresponse.co"
" PowWow Mobile, a San Francisco-based enterprise app mobility startup, has raised $4.25 million in new VC funding. Vertical Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by IT-Farm, OurCrowd, Prabhakar Goel and VKRN. www.powwowmobile.co"
" Observable Networks, a St. Louis-based provider of network security technology and threat detection services, has raised $2 million in new VC funding from MK Capital. www.observable.ne"
" Atos Medical,a Swedish medical device company owned by EQT Partners, has short-listed a group of private equity firms as prospective buyers, according to Reuters. The story does not disclose those firms that reached the second rounds, but does say that indicative bids were made by such groups as Astorg Partners, Montagu Private Equity, Hellman & Friedman, PAI Partners and Warburg Pincus. Atos Medical could be valued at around $1.5 billion. Read more"
" Centerbridge Partners has agreed to acquire Cascade Financial Services, a Gilbert, Ariz.-based lender to buyers of manufactured homes. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cascadeloans.co"
" Confie Seguros, a personal insurance company focused on Hispanic consumers, has acquired three insurance agencies: Auto Insurance Specialists (Las Vegas), Trinity Insurance (Florida), Whitehead Insurance (Yakima, Wash.). No financial terms were disclosed. Confie Seguros is a portfolio company of ABRY Partners. www.confieseguros.co"
 Credit Suisse has agreed to sell a $1.27 billion portfolio of distressed assets to a credit and special situations affiliate of TPG Capital. Read more
" Golden Gate Capital is in talks to acquire a 40% stake in corporate PR firm Sard Verbinnen & Co. for around $60 million, according to the NY Times. But it's gotten kind of complicated. Read more"
" Gulf Capital has acquired Multibrands, a Saudi Arabian food and beverage distributor. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Silverfleet Capital has agreed to acquire a majority equity stake in the aerospace unit of Avingtrans PLC (AIM: AVG), at an enterprise value of £65 million. www.avingtrans.plc.u"
" Southern Cross Group has agreed to acquire Chile Distribucion, a Chilean unit of Brazil state-owned oil company Petrobras, for around $90 million. Petrobras also agreed to sell its 67.2% stake in Petrobras Argentina SA to Pampa Energia SA (BASE: PAMP) for $892 million. Read more"
" Warburg Pincus has acquired DocuTAP Inc., a Sioux Falls, S.D.-based provider of healthcare technology for urgent care. Sellers include Bessemer Venture Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.docutap.co"
"  Cleopatra Hospital Co., an Egyptian hospital group owned by Abraaj Group, is preparing a local IPO that could value the company at upwards of $300 million, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
 Philips (Amsterdam: PHIA) is planning to sell up to 25% of its lighting business via an Amsterdam IPO. Read more
" Viamet Pharmaceuticals Holdings, a Durham, N.C.-based developer of inhibitors of validated metalloenzymes, has set its IPO terms to 5.7 million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $389 million, were it to price in the middle of range. The company previously filed for a $75 million floatation in 2014, but withdrew its offering later that year. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol VMET, with Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs serving as lead underwriters. Viamet has raised over $150 million in VC funding from firms like Novartis Bioventures (12.9% pre-IPO stake), Lilly Ventures (11.3%), Hatteras Venture Partners (7.8%) and Intersouth Partners (6.3%). www.viamet.co"
" Adobe (Nasdaq: ADBE) has agreed to acquire Livefyre, a San Francisco-based content curation and audience engagement. No financial terms were disclosed. Livefyre has raised around $82 million in VC funding from firms like Adobe, Cue Ball, Greycroft Partners, Hillsven Capital, Salesforce Ventures and U.S. Venture Partners. Read more"
" Clorox Co. (NYSE: CLX) has acquired Renew Life, a Palm Harbor, Fla.-based maker of probiotics and other digestive care supplements, from Swander Pace Capital. The deal was valued at $290 million. Read more"
" Adidas AG said that it is seeking buyers for its TaylorMade, Adams and Ashworth golf brands. Read more"
" Build-A-Bear (NYSE: BBW), a St. Louis-based toy maker and retailer with a market cap of around $215 million, said that it is exploring strategic alternatives. Read more"
" Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) has approached Medivation (Nasdaq: MDVN), a San Francisco-based prostate cancer drug-maker, about a rival bid to an existing $9.3 billion cash takeover offer from France’s Sanofi (Paris: SAN). Read more"
" Wayin, a Denver-based provider of real-time digital marketing software, has acquired UK-based social media marketing platform EngageSciences for an undisclosed amount. Wayin has raised VC funding from backers like U.S. Venture Partners, Hasso Plattner, Dave Duffield and Wayin CEO Scott McNealy. Read more"
" Asos (AIM: ASC), a British fashion retailer, has launched a corporate venture group (Asos Ventures) focused on fashion technology startups. It will be run in partnership with Waayra, a unit of Telefónica. Read more"
BlackRock has closed its third direct co-investment private equity fund with over $630 million in capital commitments. www.blackrock.com
 Greg Baletsa has joined JMC Capital Partners as an operating partner. He previously was CEO of Canadian fashion retailer Comark. www.jmccp.co
" Berkshire Partners has named three new advisory directors: Michael Grebe (board of Atlanta Fed’s Jacksonville division), Jeffrey Henderson (ex-CFO of Cardinal Health) and Lawrence Kingsley (chairman of Husky). www.berkshirepartners.co"
" Gary Gottlieb and Phyllis Gotlib have joined Flare Capital Partners, a healthcare tech-focused VC firm, as executive partners. Gary Gottlieb is CEO of Partners in Health, while Phyllis Gotlib was co-founder and CEO of iMDsoft. www.flarecapital.co"
" Angela Kerek has joined Morrison & Foerster as a Berlin-based partner in the law firm’s finance department, with a focus on debt capital markets. She previously was with Linklaters. www.mofo.co"
" Alvin Lim has agreed to join CVC Capital Partners with a focus on investment opportunities in Singapore and Malaysia, according to Bloomberg. He previously was a managing director and head of Southeast Asia banking advisory at HSBC. Read more"
 William Tyson has joined Fifth Third Bancorp (Nasdaq: FITB) as co-head of Fifth Third Capital Markets. He previously was with BB&T Capital Markets as a senior managing director and co-head of investment banking. www.53.co
" Michael Weisser and Sarah Stasny have joined Kirkland & Ellis as New York-based partners in the law firm’s corporate practice group, with a focus on private equity. Both previously were partners with Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. www.kirkland.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"New money: Heap, an analytics software company, has raised $27 million in Series B funding led by NEA and Menlo Ventures with participation from Initialized Capital and Pear VC. Heap CEO and co-founder Matin Movassate created the company to solve a problem he faced as a product manager at Facebook: He couldn’t easily get analytics on how his products were performing."
"“I had to beg the engineers to build tracking software for me, and once that would be written, you have to wait for the next release cycle, and then wait for data to accumulate, and then loop in an analyst to make sense of it for you and have someone run a query. Every time you have a question, you have to lean on developers and wait literally a month to get an answer,” Movassate says."
"“If it’s this hard to be data-driven at a place as smart as Facebook, what hope does every other online business have?” he added. He noted that analytics have been done the same way for 20 years, but with the falling costs of storage and computing, it’s now viable for products like Heap to be automatically collecting data at all times and allowing anyone in the company to make queries."
"Heap launched several years ago and now has 6,000 customers, including public companies like Zendesk and Twilio. The company’s biggest competitors are Google Analytics, Mixpanel, and Adobe’s Omniture. The new funding will go toward accelerating its product road map."
"Fyre: For any Term Sheet readers obsessed with the Fyre Festival, there is, of course, a Silicon Valley connection."
"The festival’s parent company, called Fyre, actually operates an on-demand talent agency. Fyre helps talent (mostly rapper friends of co-founder Ja Rule) book corporate events and private parties. It’s comparable to the original concept for Tiki Barber’s startup, Thuzio, which launched as an online booking agency for athletes. Here’s the Fyre agency website: Fireapp.com."
"This spring, Ja Rule and his co-founder Billy McFarland pitched angel investors, including well-known ones from Silicon Valley, on investing in Fyre. In the pitch, the company claimed it did $26 million in revenue in the month of February. The funding round valued Fyre at an $80 million pre-money valuation."
"I’m told these pitches didn’t even mention the Fyre Festival, which means they were was separate from the pitchdeck that leaked earlier this week, showing the company’s plans to raise $25 million for the festival. It’s not clear whether the $26 million in monthly revenue came from festival ticket sales or Fyre’s agency business.  The investors Term Sheet spoke with passed on investing."
"For more on the festival, read one of the many inside stories of what went wrong."
"On Kalanick’s cancellation: The buzz around the Collision conference has been about another conference – the Code conference, and the fact that Uber CEO Travis Kalanick cancelled his planned appearance at the late May event. Why? Kalanick cited the fact that Uber’s much-anticipated report on sexism at the company will not yet be finished. To most observers (myself included), it’s a lame excuse to not publicly respond to the many criticisms of the company."
"Here’s another theory I heard from an Uber advisor: Cancelling looks bad, but that’s a small story, with a limited round of headlines and chatter that will largely remain inside the tech industry. As the many reports over the last few months have shown, Kalanick has a temper, and easily becomes defensive. If he gets on stage with Recode editor Kara Swisher, he could be provoked into fighting in an unflattering way. Any videos of him bickering would likely go viral, thus shining another spotlight on Uber’s many issues and re-igniting questions about his leadership. Cancelling must mean that he (or his advisors) don’t think he is capable of keeping his temper in check."
"As Swisher noted, many executives have kept their commitments to speak at conferences while they were embroiled in controversies. It looks bad. But Kalanick is in self-preservation mode. An eruption would be worse."
"Macro: Carlyle Group’s Bill Conway weighed in on the firm’s first quarter earnings call: “Outside of automobiles, where there is genuine weakness, we see no evidence of a slowdown in consumption which was the main driver of the weak first quarter estimate."
"“Overall, the US economy looks to us to be growing roughly a full percentage point faster than it was last year at about 2.4% versus 1.5% last year. Despite this rosy economic environment, the investment environment remains challenging, characterized by high prices and significant competition.”"
Note: Yesterday’s Term Sheet said the terms were not disclosed on Crisp Media’s sale to Quotient. They were in fact disclosed: Quotient will pay $33.0 million in cash and stock with up to $24.5 million in additional incentives.
  Best Buy’s smart home push
 How the London Stock Exchange is trying to lure the largest IPO ever anticipated
 Herbalife’s CEO is taking a victory lap
 What ‘America first’ means at Rex Tillerson’s state department
 The fastest growing women-owned companies in the U.S
…AND ELSEWHERE
How SoftBank became tech’s phantom buyer. Why J. Crew’s vision of pretty America failed. The top ten states for pre-existing conditions went for Trump. How your selfie could affect your life insurance. Private equity is so misunderstood.  SpaceX denies IPO rumors.
" Go-Jek, the Indonesia-based motorcycle on-demand company, raised $1.2 billion in funding, according to TechCrunch. Tencent led the round. two sources close the company told TechCrunch. The deal values the company at $3 billion post-money. Read more"
" Dodla Dairy Limited, an India-based dairy product company, raised $50 million in funding from The Rise Fund, which is managed by TPG Growth."
" Fuze, a Cambridge, Mass.-based cloud telecommunications provider, raised $30 million in funding from a U.S. public pension fund"
" Ultrahaptics, the Bristol, U.K.-based mid-air haptic technology developer, raised £17.9 million ($23 million) in Series B funding. Investors include Cornes, Dolby Family Ventures, IP Group, Woodford Investment Management"
" Pythian, a Canada-based technology services company, raised $15 million in funding from BDC Capital"
" MPP Global, a UK-based integrated cloud identity management, CRM, and e-commerce platform, raised £12 million ($15 million) in Series B funding. Investors include Albion Ventures and Grafton Capital"
" VST Enterprises, a UK-based cybersecurity company, raised £11.4 million ($14.7 million) in funding. Investors include Chris Lightbody and Guy Weaver. The company is valued at £220 million ($283 million)"
" Nav, a San Mateo, Calif.-based small business credit profile platform, raised $13 million in Series B funding. Goldman Sachs led the round, and was joined by Point72 Ventures, Clocktower Ventures and the CreditEase Fintech Investment Fund"
" Pagero, a Sweden-based e-invoice service startup, raised €10 million ($10.9 million) in funding from Total"
" Abundant Robotics, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based automated apple-picking tech developer, raised $10 million in venture funding. GV led the round, and was joined by BayWa AG and Tellus Partners. Existing partners Yamaha Motor Company, KPCB Edge, and Comet Labs participated. Read more."
" Spindrift, a Waltham, Mass.-based sparkling water producer and supplier, raised $10 million in funding. VMG Partners led the round. Investors Prolog Ventures and Karp Reilly participated"
" Decibel Insight, a London-based visual insights and analytics platform, raised $9 million in Series A funding. Eight Roads Ventures led the round"
" Taranis, an Israel-based precision agriculture intelligence platform raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Finistere Ventures led the round, and was joined by Vertex Ventures. Existing investors Eshbol Investments, Mindset Ventures, OurCrowd, and Eyal Gura participated"
" Iconixx, an Austin, Texas-based provider of compensation management software, raised $4.2 million in funding. Investors included Ballast Point Ventures, Harbert Growth Partners and S3 Ventures"
" Acast, a Sweden-based curated podcast platform, raised €3.1 million ($3.4 million) in funding from Bonnier Growth Media and MOOR Capital. The company is now valued at about €30 million ($33 million)"
" Indo~European Foods, a Glendale, Calif.-based ethnic and specialty foods provider, raised an undisclosed amount in funding. Investors include Corridor Capital and Centerfield Capital Partners"
" Vivet Therapeutics, a Paris-based gene therapy treatment developer raised €37.5 million ($41 million) in Series A funding. Novartis Venture Fund and Columbus Venture Partners led the round, and were joined by Roche Venture Fund, HealthCap, Kurma Partners and Ysios Capital"
" Nemus Biosciences, a Costa Mesa, Calif.-based cannabinoid-focused therapeutics biotech company, raised $20 million in Series E funding from Schneider Brothers"
" Axonics Modulation Technologies, an Irvine, Calif.-based implantable neuromodulator device manufacturer, raised $14.5 million in Series C funding. Investors included Edmond de Rothschild Investment Partners, Advent Life Sciences, Cormorant Asset Management, Legend Capital and NeoMed Management"
" ExoCoBio, a South Korea-based developer of exosome-based biopharmaceuticals, raised $11 million in Series A funding. Investors included SBI Investment, Atinum Investment, ID Ventures and Dt&Investment"
" Z Factor Limited, a Cambridge, U.K.-based drug discovery company raised £7 million ($9 million) in Series A funding. Medicxi led the round, and was joined by Cambridge Enterprise and Cambridge Innovation Capital"
" EverlyWell, an Austin, Texas-based healthcare testing platform, raised $5 million in funding. NextGen Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Jack Novak, SoGal Ventures and Full Tilt Capital"
" PreparedHealth, a Glenview, Ill.-based healthcare social network, raised $4 million. Chicago Ventures led the round. Investors Pritzker Group Venture Capital, Beverly Capital, and Meridian Street Capital"
" AllLife, a Johannesburg, South Africa-based life insurance company focused on individuals with HIV and diabetes, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund, which is managed by Quona Capital."
" New Mountain Capital is in advanced talks to acquire VWR Corp (Nasdaq:VWR), a Radnor, Penn.-based laboratory equipment supplier, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at nearly $5 billion. Read more"
" Tikehau Capital and other shareholders of Asten Santé are in exclusive negotiations with La Poste Group, for the sale of a majority stake in Asten Santé, a France-based home healthcare services provider. The sale will generate a pre-tax capital gain of approximately €16 million ($17.5 million) for Tikehau Capital before transaction fees. The deal is subject to approval by the French antitrust authorities"
" Sonar Entertainment, a portfolio company of Catalyst Capital Group, has acquired assets from Tricon Films & Television, a Canada-based film and television distributor. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Pinewell Capital acquired Fogco Systems, a Chandler, Ariz.-based mist and fog system manufacturer. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" American Healthcare Staffing Group, a portfolio company of BelHealth Investment Partners, acquired Thaxton Barabe, a Portland, Ore.-based provider of interim healthcare leadership staffing"
" Twitchell Technical Products, a portfolio company of Highlander Partners, acquired The Quantum Group, a Colfax, N.C.-based yarn and woven fabrics manufacturer. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Hawthorne Global Aviation Services, a company formed by NexPhase Capital and Hawthorne Corporation, acquired JetSun Aviation Centre, a Sioux City, Iowa-based airport operator. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" TPG Growth made an investment of an undisclosed amount in Club Pilates, a San Diego, Calif.-based Pilates studios franchisor"
" Blue Sage Capital has partnered with John Gustafson and Trailcreek Capital Group to form Frontier Waste Holdings, a Dallas, Texas-based provider of municipal solid waste services. The newly-formed company has acquired Access Disposal Services and K2 Waste Solutions"
" Toshiba (TSE:6502) has turned down preemptive bids for Landis+Gyr, a Switzerland-based smart meter manufacturer, according to Reuters. CVC (ASX:CVC) and Hitachi (TSE:6501) had offered to acquire Landis+Gyr for almost $2 billion. The offers were reportedly declined. Read more"
 Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is selling its cloud and managed hosting business to IBM (NYSE:IBM).
" Cisco (Nasdaq:CSCO) will acquire the advanced analytics team and associated advanced analytics intellectual property developed by Saggezza, a Chicago-based technology services company"
" Urogen Pharma, an Ra'anana, Israel-based biotech company will begin trading on the Nasdaq Thursday, under ticker symbol ""URGN."" The company raised $58.5 million in its IPO after pricing 4.5 million shares at $13 a piece (within its $12-$14 range, though with a higher share offering). Jefferies and Cowen and Company are acting as joint bookrunners in the deal. Urogen’s major shareholders include Arkin Communication, Pontifax, and Proquest Investments"
" Antero Midstream GP, a Denver, Colo.-based oil and gas company, raised $875 million in its IPO and plans to start trading on the NYSE Thursday after pricing 37.3 million shares at $23.50—within its previously stated range. Morgan Stanley, Barclays, and J.P. Morgan are the lead underwriters. The company will list under ticker symbol “AMGP."
" Hubbell (NYSE:HUBB) acquired iDevices, an Avon, Conn.-based connected home products manufacturer. Terms of the deal weren’t disclosed. iDevices raised about $20 million in funding from investors including Connecticut Innovations and Stonehenge Capital"
" Scripps Networks Interactive (Nasdaq:SNI) has agreed to acquire online food publication Spoon University, a New York-based digital food publication. The deal values the company at about $10 million. Spoon University raised $2 million in venture funding from investors including BBG Ventures, Box Group, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, SoftTech VC, and Techstars. Read more"
 Apple (Nasdaq:AAPL) plans to create a $1 billion fund to invest in U.S. companies that perform advanced manufacturing. Read more at Fortune
" Fortress Investment Group (NYSE: FIG), a New York-based investment manager, raised $590 million for its Fortress Secured Lending Fund."
" YL Ventures, a San Francisco-based seed stage venture capital firm, raised $75 million for its third fund, YLV III"
" Green Visor Capital, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm specializing in early stage investments, raised more than $51 million for its second fund. The fund’s target is $200 million"
 John Jenkins joined Dundee Venture Capital as a partner
 Keith Gordon joined Brentwood Associates as an operating partner
View this email in your browser.
"Polina Marinova produces Term Sheet, and Lucinda Shen compiles the IPO news. Send deal announcements to Polina here and IPO news to Lucinda here."
"Last week a very confusing press release crossed my radar. It read: “The Argon Group is working on the first secondary market raise by ICO. The company, Storj had one of the most successful ICOs several years ago, returning ~20x to investors in that round.”"
"Those two sentences apparently make perfect sense to people who know about ICOs, which stands for Initial Coin Offerings."
"ICOs are the hot new thing in the blockchain community, I’m told. They are an alternative to crowdfunding, and have the potential to transform the way companies capitalize themselves. They are also of dubious legal status."
"As such, I have recruited my colleague Robert Hackett to crypto-spain what an ICO is and why Term Sheet readers should care."
"Term Sheet: Bob, What is an ICO?"
Hackett: Can we do a little later in the day? I’m reporting on this hack of Medium.
Term Sheet: Fine.
"[Waits three hours, then 24 hours, then four days.]"
"Term Sheet: Bob, what is an ICO?"
BH: It's basically a way for blockchain startups to raise money outside the traditional VC world.
TS: Only blockchain startups?
"BH: Indeed. It's sort of like an IPO, except for early stage blockchain projects. It’s effectively a Kickstarter campaign that uses blockchain-based ""tokens"" (aka app coins, cryptocurrencies, digital assets) to raise money."
TS: So startups raise tokens. How does that translate to money they can use to write paychecks and buy office snacks?
"BH: Let's try the socratic method. What is money, Erin?"
"TS: Money is the system societies use to assign value and pay for things, Bob."
"BH: So, cryptocurrencies are a kind of money, so long as people ascribe value to them and use them to pay for things. The main benefit is the blockchain (aka distributed ledger) on which they're based. Blockchains let you transact without needing the blessing of a third party or banker middleman. (Picture Uncle Pennybags.)"
"Bitcoin was the first successful implementation of a blockchain, and it's optimized almost entirely for transferring value securely over the Internet. People like to call it ""digital gold."" Then came another blockchain called Ethereum, which is a more flexible twist that aims to create a whole decentralized network on top of which people can build their own decentralized apps and tokens."
TS: And the paychecks and office snacks?
BH: People can get paid in ether and then cash out into fiat currency whenever they fancy (assuming the market keeps up).
"TS: And if the market tanks…? This is a huge risk for the companies using it, right? Startups are already risky enough. Now they have to worry about wild fluctuations in currency on top of everything else. "
BH: Some companies are justifying the creation of their own tokens as an insulator against the price movements of bitcoin and ether. How that fares in practice remains to be seen.
"TS: So, why would a company want its stock to be made up of cryptocurrency rather than real money currency?"
"BH: ""Real"" money? HAVE I TAUGHT YOU NOTHING."
TS: Okay! Why would a company want its stock to be made up of cryptocurrency rather than fiat currency?
"BH: This gets to the heart of the philosophy behind blockchains. From a founder's perspective, you might like the idea of setting your own terms—or rather, letting the network, the community of users, set its own terms. Why give equity stakes to a small cohort of moneymen when instead you can let the people who will be using the network, the ones creating the value, have stakes in the project? This way, every participant is incentivized—especially, those who have bought in early—to increase the project's value."
TS: Sure...
"BH: What you've identified as a liability (currency fluctuations), others might view as an advantage. The crypto markets are highly liquid. No more waiting, waiting, waiting for an IPO or other exit to recoup funds. People can pull out money whenever they wish (assuming they haven't agreed to some lockup period in the terms of a token sale). So the price tends to move, a lot. Speculators are having a field day while the world figures out how to price these weird assets. In the meantime, if you're a company or ""investor"" you can cash out of your ether or bitcoin or whatever reserves and hold fiat whenever you like. Or you can play the game and take a gamble."
TS: And who can invest? Anyone?
"BH: Ya, anyone. It’s a crowdsale!"
"TS: How would I buy tokens of, say, Storj, the company that recently held a secondary sale? "
BH: You would go to an online exchange where it's traded and make your purchase.
TS: It sounds like I'm just buying equity in a company in a different currency.
"BH: Well, equity is one way to think about it. It's not really an equity stake (although it sort of operates that way in practice). This is important for legal reasons! The SEC would not be pleased if startups were selling unregistered securities. Another way of conceiving of tokens is as licenses that give people the ability to use a particular application, or participate in a particular network."
"TS: That gets to my biggest question. Which is, how is this legal?"
BH: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #yolo
"TS: Let me ask another way. Is some unsuspecting person who doesn’t know what they’re doing going to get fleeced by this, thus leading to an outrage followed by overly onerous regulation?"
BH: That’s the billion bitcoin question.
TS: Are lots of companies using ICOs?
"BH: One of the first projects to host an ICO was Mastercoin in 2013 (called OMNI since 2015). Ethereum had a particularly successful token sale in 2014, raising ~$18 million in bitcoin—although the project lost millions when the price of bitcoin crashed that year. The DAO, a decentralized venture capital firm built atop the ethereum network, became infamous after it raised something like $160 million in the summer of 2016 and soon after got hacked to the tune of $50 million. The number of token sales has been ticking up since the latter half of last year. Smith & Crown, crypto-market research firm, maintains a curated list of upcoming and recent token sales that you can check out here."
TS: Does this have ramifications outside the cryptocurrency world? Why should investors care?
"BH: In my world, this is a big thing, yes. It's how the most exciting blockchain projects are getting funded. Some VC firms, like Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures, have already gotten involved by funding cryptocurrency hedge funds to buy up tokens when they go on sale. A lot of crypto boosters compare the present time to the early days of the internet. There will be gold and there will be ghost towns. If you buy into the church of blockchain, then you'll want to pay attention."
Have more cryptocurrency questions or observations? Email Bob and I and we will attempt to answer in a follow-up column.
***
"Scoop: ClassPass, the fitness subscription company, is close to closing a new round of funding from Temasek and M13. Read more about that deal here."
 Big food’s slow start to the year
 Joe Biden’s passion in the fight against cancer
 Trump team has big holes to fill among financial regulators
 Instacart: No plans to go public
 Why Chipotle may never make a big comeback
 Why investors have big doubts about the future of iHeartMedia
...AND ELSEWHERE
Alex Jones will never stop being Alex Jones. Media companies line up to make shows for Snap TV. Puerto Rican bankruptcy. How Wellington Management’s Nick Adams chased Silicon Valley riches and embarrassed himself. Rape is a pre-existing condition and an accused assaulter in the State Department. Wal-Mart vs Amazon. Airbnb magazine.
" Signifyd, a San Jose, Calif.-based e-commerce fraud technology solutions provider raised $56 million in Series C funding. Bain Capital Ventures led the round. Investors including Menlo Ventures and American Express Ventures participated"
" Soylent, a Los Angeles-based food replacement products company, raised $50 million in funding, according to Bloomberg. Investors include Andreessen Horowitz and Lerer Hippeau Ventures. Read more"
" DeepMap, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based autonomous vehicle mapping service provider, raised $25 million in Series A funding. Accel led the round. Existing investors Andreessen Horowitz and GSR Ventures participated"
" Crew, a San Francisco-based mobile team communications platform, raised $25 million across two previously unannounced funding rounds. Investors include Sequoia Capital and Greylock Partners"
" Cornershop, a San Francisco, Calif.-based Latin American-focused online grocery delivery service, raised $21 million in a funding round. Accel led the round, and was joined by Creandum, ALLVP, and Jackson Square Ventures"
" Foodspring, a Berlin-based online superfood seller, has raised €6 million ($6.6 million), according to Tech.eu. B-to-v led the round, and was joined by Ringier, Deutsche Handelsbank, and Econa. Read more"
" Fastdata.io, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based real-time stream processing company, raised $1.5 million in funding from investors including NVIDIA"
" Symbiont, a New York-based smart contracts platform, raised an undisclosed amount in Series A-1 funding from Hundsun Technologies"
" PubGuard, a London-based advertising tech company, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Mercia Fund Management"
" A Goldman Sachs Group fund has agreed to acquire a 12% stake in Riverstone Holdings, a New York-based private equity firm specializing in energy investments. The $500 million-deal would value the company at more than $4 billion. Read more"
" New Mountain Capital has taken a minority stake in Legends Hospitality, a New York-based stadium management company. The deal values the company at $700 million, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Golden Gate Capital has agreed to acquire a majority stake in G.A.L. Manufacturing Corporation, a New York-based elevator components and systems distributor. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
 ChemChina has won more than enough support from Syngenta (SWX:SYNN) shareholders to clinch its $43 billion takeover of the Switzerland-based agribusiness company. Read more at Fortune
" Heineken (ENXTAM:HEIA) completed a deal to take full control of Lagunitas Brewing Company, a Petaluma, Calif.-based craft brewer. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Read more at Fortune"
" ORIX Corp (TSE:8591) will acquire a 22.1% stake in Ormat Technologies (NYSE:ORA), a Reno, Nevada-based geothermal energy producer, for $627 million from a group led by the FIMI private equity fund, according to Reuters. ORIX will purchase 11 million shares at $57 apiece. Read more"
" eviCore, a Bluffton, S.C.-based specialty healthcare benefits manager, is considering a sale or an initial public offering, hoping for a valuation of over $4 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" TPG Pace Energy Holdings, a Fort Worth, Texas-based SPAC, or “blank check” company, will debut in the NYSE Friday under ticker symbol “TPGE.U.” The company was formed by private equity firm TPG, and will be helmed by former Occidental Petroleum CEO Stephen Chazen. The $600 million IPO offered 60 million units at $10 a piece. Each unit is then equal to one common share and one-third of a warrant. One whole warrant then allows the holder to purchase a share for $11.50. Warrants and common shares will later list separately. Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, and Citi are listed as lead underwriters"
" Liberty Oilfield Services, a Denver, Colo.-based fracking equipment maker postponed its $250 million IPO Thursday. The company lowered its price range and share offering to $12-$13 and 20 million respectively earlier this week amid weak demand. Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, and Wells Fargo are lead underwriters, while Riverstone and Oakmont are major shareholders. The company was originally expected to list sometime this week under ticker symbol “BDFC."
" Advantage Solutions, an Irvine, Calif.-based sales and marketing firm filed for an IPO late Thursday, saying that at least for now, it plans to raise $100 million. Advantage, now backed by Karman Topco, also plans to go public on the NYSE under ticker symbol “ADV.” Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are lead underwriters in the deal. Pricing terms have yet to be disclosed"
" Ovid Therapeutics, a New York City-based, early stage biotech company raised $75 million in a 5 million share offering priced at $15 a piece. The company previously set a range of $15 to $17. Ovid will debut on the Nasdaq under “OVID” Thursday with Citigroup and Cowen and Company as lead underwriters"
" Biohaven Pharmaceuticals Holdings, a New Haven, Conn.-based biopharmaceutical company closed trading on the NYSE Thursday up 3.8% at $17.50. The company is now trading under ticker symbol “BHVN” with Morgan Stanley as lead underwriter"
" Antero Midstream GP, Denver-based energy company ended its first trading day 6.4% lower than its IPO price, shares closing at $22 a piece"
" UroGen Pharma, an Israel-based biopharmaceutical company that focuses on urological cancer ended its trading day on the Nasdaq up roughly 7% from its IPO price, closing at $13.98"
" Webster Capital acquired Matilda Jane Clothing, a Fort Wayne, Ind.-based specialty apparel company, from CID Capital. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Samena Capital, a Dubai-based private equity firm, raised $375 million for its third special situations fund, Samena Special Situations Fund III. The fund’s target is $700 million"
" CION Investments has hired Robert Nicholson and Andre Hatibi as senior vice presidents. Previously, Nicholson was at Commerce Group, and Hatibi was at S2K Financial"
" Maggie Littlefield Sahlman joined BearTooth Advisors as a managing director. Previously, Sahlman was at Advent International and Goldman Sachs"
View this email in your browser.
"Polina Marinova produces Term Sheet, and Lucinda Shen compiles the IPO news. Send deal announcements to Polina here and IPO news to Lucinda here."
Some quick notes to kick off your National Butterscotch Brownie Day:
" LendingClubfoot: Rough morning for Unicorn University graduate LendingClub, with the stock down nearly 25% following news that founder Renaud Laplanche had resigned as chairman and CEO. The sudden decision was based on the discovery that $22 million in loans ($15m in March, $7m in April) from a single institutional investor were sold ""in contravention of the investor's expressed instructions."" Moreover, it seems that certain LendingClub managers were aware they were doing wrong, with one going so far as to change date information on an application"
"In its analyst call this morning -- which originally was supposed to focus on earnings -- the company did not specify what Laplanche knew or when he knew it. LenndingClub did say none of the departed managers will receive severance, but it's unclear if that also included Laplanche (who holds 2.2% of the company's outstanding stock). I've put in calls for clarification, but have not yet received a reply."
" Ugly divorce proceedings: Limited partners on Friday approved an amendment that will provide Xfund 2 with a limited amount of life, permitting Patrick Chung to make follow-on commitments to the vehicle's 11 existing portfolio companies. The LPs also slashed their overall capital commitments by 50%, meaning that the $100 million fund is now a $50 million fund"
"It is unclear exactly what percentage of LPs ratified these changes, or what it may (or may not) portend in terms of Chung being eventually allowed to make new investments."
" $400 million pivot: Last week we noted that Pivotal, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based software development specialist, had announced $253 million in Series C funding led by Ford Motor Co. But then came an SEC filing showing that Pivotal actually had raised $653 million in new equity (which is a bit more, if my math is correct)"
"My Fortune colleague Barb Darrow reached out to Pivotal, and learned the extra $400 million related to how EMC, one of Pivotal's parent company, has converted $400 million of existing debt to equity. Read more here."
" From the courthouse: It appears that Lisa Lee and CVC Capital Partners have agreed to private mediation, although it does not appear to necessarily preclude a trial (per new court docs)"
"As you might recall, Lee is a former managing director of investor relations at CVC (she's now at Providence Equity), who sued CVC for such claims as violations of the Family Leave Act and retaliation for reporting alleged incidents such as being fondled by a senior executive."
" Clarification: On Friday we reported on the demise of on-demand private jet service BlackJet. The item said that BlackJet was founded by Uber co-founder and chairman Garrett Camp, an assertion that was based on multiple contemporaneous news reports (which Camp did not dispute at the time). But Camp's representatives emailed over the weekend, saying that he was only an early investor and board member of BlackJet (once it rebranded from an earlier incarnation called GreenJet), emphasizing that it has had no involvement since the company reorganized in late 2013"
" JAB Holding, an investment holding group that already holds Keurig Green Mountain and Peet’s Coffee & Tea, has agreed to acquire doughnut chain Krispy Kreme (NYSE: KKD) for approximately $1.5 billion, or $21 per share (25% premium over Friday’s closing price). Read more"
" CoreOS, a San Francisco-based provider of container-enabled infrastructure, has raised $28 million in Series B funding. Google Ventures led the round, and was joined by Intel Capital and return backers Accel, Fuel Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and the Y Combinator Continuity Fund. www.coreos.co"
" Relayware, a Redwood Shores, Calif.-based provider of partner relationship management software, has raised $11 million in new VC funding from Amadeus Capital Partners and return backer Albion Ventures. www.relayware.co"
" Audax Group has acquired Halo Branded Solutions Inc., a Sterling, Ill.-based marketing services and supply chain for the promotional products industry. No financial terms were disclosed. www.halo.co"
" Chrysalis, a Calgary-based private equity firm, has acquired Maximum Yield Publications Inc., a British Columbia-based indoor gardening information publisher. No financial terms were disclosed. www.maximumyield.co"
" DiscountRamps.com, a West Bend, Wis.-based online retailer of leading hauling and transportation products, has acquired Heavy Duty Ramps LLC, a Milwaukee-based designer and manufacturer of aluminum ramps. No financial terms were disclosed. DiscountRamps.com is a portfolio company of Rotunda Capital Partners. www.discountramps.co"
 First Reserve has agreed to acquire a transformer and switchgear manufacturing unit of India-listed Crompton Greaves Ltd.’s international power transmission and distribution division. No financial terms were disclosed. The business will be renamed Pauwels
" PAI Partners is in advanced talks to acquire Ethypharm, a French drug developer focused on treatment of pains and addictions, for around €750 million from Astorg Partners, according to Reuters. Rothschild has been managing the process. Read more"
 Triton Private Equity has agreed to acquire the industrial services unit of German engineering group Voith for €350 million (including debt). Read more
" Six companies are expected to price IPOs on U.S. exchanges this week: Acacia Communications, Cancer Prevention Pharma, Oncobiologics, SiteOne Landscape Supply, Turning Point Brands and Viamet Pharma. Read more"
"  Nant Health LLC, a Culver City, Calif.-based personalized healthcare company led by Patrick Soon-Shiong, has filed for a $92 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol NH, with Jefferies and Cowen & Co. serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $72 million net loss on $58 million in revenue for 2015. Shareholders include Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Celgene Corp., BlackBerry Corp., Kuwait Investment Authority and Verizon Ventures. www.nanthealth.co"
"  Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Hopkinton, Mass.-based developer of drugs based on a proprietary small molecule nucleic acid hybrid, raised $11 million in its IPO. The company priced 0.9 million shares at $12 per share, compared to already-reduced plans that had the company offering 1.15 million shares at between $12 and $14 per share. The pre-revenue company will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SBPH. www.springbankpharm.co"
" BTG (LSE: BTG) has agreed to acquire Galil Medical, an Israeli developer of oncology cryoablation technology, for upwards of $110 million (including $84.5m in cash). Galil Medical had raised around $68 million in VC funding from firms like Investor Growth Capital, Elron Electronic Industries, Thomas McNerney & Partners and The Vertical Group. www.galilmedical.co"
" Bango (AIM: BGO), a UK-based mobile payments startup that lets consumers charge app store purchases to their smartphone bills, has acquired San Jose, Calif.-based carrier billing service BilltoMobile for $3.5 million in cash and stock. Read more"
" Colony Capital (NYSE: CLNY) said that it is in exclusive talks to acquire NorthStar Asset Management (NYSE: NSAM), a New York-based commercial real estate management company with a current market cap of around $2.27 billion. www.nsamgroup.co"
" Evonik Industries of Germany has agreed to acquire the specialty and coating additives operations of Allentown, Penn.-based Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE: APD) for approximately $3.8 billion. Read more"
 The Medicines Co. (Nasdaq: MDCO) has agreed to sell some of its cardiovascular assets to Italy’s Chiesi Farmaceutici SpA for up to $792 million (including $260m in cash at closing). www.themedicinescompany.co
 Total SA (Paris: FP) has agreed to acquire French battery manufacturer Saft Groupe SA (Paris: SAFT) at an equity value of approximately €950 million. Read more
" Upserve, a Providence, R.I.-based provider of restaurant management technology solutions, has acquired Breadcrumb, a mobile point-of-sale solution for restaurants, from Groupon (Nasdaq: GRPN). No financial terms were disclosed. Upserve (f.k.a. Swipely) has raised over $50 million in VC funding from firms like First Round Capital, Shasta Ventures, Index Ventures, Pritzker Group and Greylock Partners. www.upserve.co"
" GCA Savvian Corp. (Tokyo: 2174), an investment banking boutique, has agreed to merge with London-based mid-market financial advisory Altium. No financial terms were disclosed. Following the deal, the combined firm will operate under the name GCA Altium in Europe and GCA in the U.S. and Asia. www.gcasavvian.co"
" TPG Capital has closed its seventh flagship private equity fund with $10.5 billion in capital commitments (including a $400m GP commit). So far, the fund has invested $2.1 billion over six companies. www.tpg.co"
" Villi Iltchev has joined VC firm August Capital as a partner. He previously led corporate development for Box and, before that, for LifeLock. www.augustcap.co"
" Bryan Lewis has agreed to join the $25 billion Pennsylvania State Employees’ Retirement System as chief investment officer, succeeding the retiring Thomas Brier. Lewis currently is executive director of the Illinois State Universities Retirement System. Read more"
 Andew Luh has joined Gunderson Dettmer as chair of the law firm’s global M&A practice. He previously was a partner with Fenwick & West. www.gunder.co
"Norman Winarsky, the former president of SRI Ventures and co-founder of Siri, has joined Relay Ventures as the Toronto-based VC firm’s first executive-in-residence. www.relayventures.co"
 Chris Tsakalakis has joined VC firm Benchmark as an entrepreneur-in-residence. He previously was president of StubHub. www.benchmark.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some assorted items before getting to an absurd amount of deal news:
 What's in a name? The Private Equity Growth Capital Council is dead. Long live the American Investment Council
"That's apparently the private equity lobbying group's new name, per Bloomberg and a Twitter handle change. Seems the goal is to expand membership, which still is dominated by the large leveraged buyout firms that launched the group back in 2007. Kind of like a previous name change that expanded from Private Equity Council to Private Equity Growth Capital Council, albeit this time to a much more streamlined choice."
" Career change: Lee Wrubel has quietly stepped down as a general partner with Flare Capital Partners, a healthcare IT-focused VC firm, in order to join executive recruiting firm Egon Zehnder"
"Wrubel had been a longtime GP with Connecticut-based Foundation Medical Partners, before it effectively merged in 2013 with a pair of Boston-based healthcare investors -- Michael Greeley (ex-Flybridge Capital Partners) and Bill Geary (ex-Northbridge Venture Partners). In 2014 the firm rebranded as Flare Capital Partners, and raised $200 million for its debut fund. The trouble for Wrubel, however, apparently was that the firm decided recently to relocate all operations to Boston, and he didn't want to go."
"""A single office will enable us to build an effective partnership and firm culture,"" Michael Greeley said via email ""Lee did not relocate to the Boston area and therefore has transitioned out."" Wrubel declined comment."
" Debt is back: AbbVie has completed a $7.8 billion senior note offering (2.3% coupon, 5-year maturity) that will be used to fund both the cash portion of its proposed Stemcentrx acquisition and also a set of related share buybacks. The notes were sold at the one-notch credit downgrades that AbbVie received from both S&P and Moody's following the Stemcentrx announcement. It's the sort of development that likely warms Michael Dell's heart.."
" Feed up: Energy-focused private equity firm First Reserve has agreed to pay a $5 million SEC fine to settle various fee and expensing discrepancies, according to peHUB. It also will reimburse its investors $12.7 million. No official word from the SEC. Yet"
" The opposite of a loan: As we mentioned yesterday, ousted LendingClub chairman and CEO Renaud Laplanche won't get any severance, nor will he receive any of his unvested stock options"
"Per the company's most recent filings, it appears that Laplanche normally would have been entitled to receive $870,000 in cash severance (assuming no change of company control). He also received $461,500 in base salary last year, plus nearly $550,000 in cash bonuses (although he opted to take the bonus in the form of LendingClub stock)."
" Global Eagle Entertainment (Nasdaq: ENT) has agreed to acquire Emerging Markets Communications, a Miramar, Fla.-based provider of communications services to maritime and other remote mobility markets, from ABRY Partners. The deal is valued at $550 million in cash and stock. www.emconnected.co"
" Aptinyx Inc., an Evanston, Ill.-based developer of modulators of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor for the treatment of neurological disorders, has raised $65 million in Series A funding. New Leaf Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Frazier Healthcare Partners, Longitude Capital, and Osage University Partners. Also participating were investors who helped Aptinyx spin out of VC-backed Naurex last year: Adams Street Partners, LVP Life Science Ventures, PathoCapital, Goudy Park Capital, Beecken Petty O’Keefe & Co. and Northwestern University. www.aptinyx.co"
" Dyn, a Manchester, N.H.-based provider of Internet performance management solutions, has raised $50 million in Series B funding from Pamplona Capital Management. www.dyn.co"
" Tradesy, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based online luxury consignment marketplace for women’s clothes and accessories, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. Wildcat Capital Management was joined by return backers Kleiner Perkins Caulfield & Byers and Rincon Venture Partners. Read more"
" Rancher Labs, a Cupertino, Calif.-based container management platform, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. GRC SinoGreen led the round, and was joined by return backers Mayfield and Nexus Venture Partners. Read more"
" E8 Storage, an Israel-based enterprise storage startup, has raised $12 million in Series B funding. Accel led the round, and was joined by return backers Magma Venture Partners and Vertex Venture Capital. www.e8storage.co"
" FreshGrade, a Canada-based online education platform for teachers, parents and students, has raised US$11.6 million in Series A funding. Reach Capital led the round, and was joined by Relay Ventures, Accel and the Emerson Collective. www.freshgrade.co"
" Nearpod, a San Francisco-based online platform that lets K-12 teachers find, create and distribute digital learning experiences, has raised $9.2 million in Series A funding. Reach Capital led the round, and was joined by Storm Ventures, Rothenberg Ventures, Marc Benioff, Deborah Quazzo, AGP Miami, Arsenal Venture Partners, the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, Krillion Ventures, Scott Cook and Stanford’s StartX fund. www.nearpod.co"
" Bayshore Networks, a Bethesda, Md.-based provider of cybersecurity solutions for IoT, has raised $6.5 million in Series A funding from Trident Capital Cybersecurity and returning angel investors. www.bayshorenetworks.co"
" MegaBots Inc., an Oakland, Calif.-based developer of giant fighting robots (yes, you read that correctly), has raised $2.4 million in seed funding. Backers include nd have so far included Azure Capital Partners, AME Cloud Ventures, Autodesk, Maveron and Ray Rothrock. Read more"
" Fluent, a “financial operating network for global commerce built on blockchain technology,” has raised $1.65 million in seed funding. ff Venture Capital led the round, and was joined by Digital Currency Group, Crosscut Ventures, Draper Associates, Fenbushi Capital, Lindbergh Tech Fund and the St. Louis Arch Angels. www.fluent.networ"
" Zarget, a Walnut, Calif.-based provider of conversion rate optimization SaaS solutions, has raised $1.5 million in seed funding co-led by Accel and Matrix Partners. www.zarget.co"
" Evariant, a Farmington, Conn.-based healthcare CRM and analytics solution built on Salesforce, has raised an undisclosed amount of new Series C funding from McKesson Ventures and Salesforce Ventures. Existing backers include Health Enterprise Partners, Lightspeed Venture Partners and Goldman Sachs. www.evariant.co"
" American & Efird, a Mt. Holly, N.C.-based thread and textiles maker owned by KPS Capital Partners, has agreed to acquire a majority equity stake in India-based Vardhman Yarns and Threads Ltd. from its joint venture partner, Vardhman Textiles Ltd. No financial terms were disclosed. Following the deal, A&E will hold an 89% stake in the joint venture, while Vardhman Textiles retaining an 11% stake. www.amefird.co"
" Aptuit, a Greenwich, Conn.-based portfolio company of Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, has agreed to acquire Kuecept Ltd., a London-based provider of technical expertise in CRO services supporting preclinical drug development. No financial terms were disclosed. www.aptuit.co"
" EIG Global Energy Partners has submitted a new $830 million takeover offer for Canada-based oil producer Pacific Exploration & Production Corp., which it argues is “vastly superior” to Pacific’s existing restructuring agreement with Catalyst Capital Group. Read more"
" Elite Sportswear, a Reading, Penn.-based portfolio company of The Riverside Company, has acquired Jade Swimwear (d.b.a. Dolfin), a Toronto-based maker of swimwear and accessories for training, competition and fitness enthusiasts. No financial terms were disclosed. www.gkelite.co"
" KKR and Pensions Infrastructure Platform reportedly are among the private equity firms circling Green Deal Finance Co., a UK platform that manages loans associated with residential energy-efficiency upgrades that it being sold off by the British government. Read more"
" Riverstone Holdings is the “leading contender” to acquire Talen Energy Corp. (NYSE: TLN), an Allentown, Penn.-based power generation company in which Riverside already owns around a 35% stake, according to Bloomberg. Talen’s current market cap is around $1.5 billion, plus it holds another $4.8 billion in debt. Read more"
" Warburg Pincus reportedly has acquired an undisclosed stake in UIB, a Shanghai-based gynecological and pediatric hospital chain, for an undisclosed amount. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
"  Athene Holding Ltd., a Bermuda-based life insurance and fixed annuities provider backed by Apollo Global Management, has filed for a $100 million IPO (although Renaissance Capital estimates that it may raise upwards of $1 billion). The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol ATH, and reports $2.6 billion in 2015 revenue. www.athene.b"
" GEMS Education, a Dubai-based private school operator backed by The Blackstone Group, is beginning to talk to banks about a 2017 IPO, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Merus BV, a Dutch immuno-oncology company focused on bispecific antibody therapeutics, has set its IPO terms to 4.33 million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $214 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol MRUS, with Citigroup and Jefferies serving as lead underwriters. Merus has raised over $170 million in VC funding from firms like Novartis Bioventures (13.7% pre-IPO stake), Bay City Capital (13.7%), Aglaia Oncology Fund (11%), Johnson & Johnson (10.6%), Pfizer Inc. (9.1%), Sofinnova Venture Partners (8.2%), Novo AS (7.8%), Baker Brothers Life Sciences (7.2%) and Cooperatief LSP (6.8%).  www.merus.n"
" Mid Europa Partners is exploring exit options Polish convenience store chain Zabka for upwards of €1 billion in either a sale or IPO, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Cinven has hired Goldman Sachs to find a buyer for German residential and technical lighting company SLV, in a deal is hopes could generate €800 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Equistone has hired Macquarie to find a buyer for Konrad Hornschuch, a German maker of artificial leather, for upwards of €400 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Lime Rock Partners has sold Tercel Oilfield Products, a Dubai-based maker of oilfield products, to Rubicon Oilfield International. No financial terms were disclosed. www.terceloilfield.co"
" Accenture (NYSE: ACN) has acquired OPS Rules, a boutique analytics consulting company with offices in Waltham, Mass. and Richardson, Texas. No financial terms were disclosed. www.accenture.co"
" Ferro Corp. (NYSE: FOE), a Mayfield Heights, Ohio-based specialty chemicals company, has hired Lazard to explore a possible sale, according to Reuters. The company has a current market cap of around $1.15 billion. Read more"
" Lawson Products (Nasdaq: LAWS) has acquired F.B. Feeney Hardware, a fleet specialist hardware company for the Greater Toronto industrial market. No financial terms were disclosed. www.feeneyhardware.co"
" SBE Entertainment Group of Los Angeles has agreed to acquire New York-based Morgans Hotel Group (Nasdaq: MHGC) for approximately $800 million (including assumed debt), or $2.25 per share. Read more"
" Nohovation is raising up to €25 million for its debut fund, with €10 million already circled. The new VC firm is focused on helping Irish companies scale globally, and is led by Pat Phelan (Trustev founder) and Illann Power. Read more"
" Pamplona Capital Management, a London-based private equity firm, has raised $1 billion for a new fund that will make growth equity investments in between 12 and 15 tech, media and telecom companies. It will be led by new partners Darren Battistoni (ex-Welsh Carson Anderson & Stowe) and Hiren Mankodi (ex-Audax Group). www.pamplonafunds.co"
 Stonecourt Capital has been launched as a New York-based private equity firm (with offices in Cleveland and Houston) by Lance Hirt and Jaime Buehl-Reichard (both ex-Lindsay Goldberg) and David Lumpkins and Nathan Ticatch (PatroLogistics Co.). www.stonecourtlp.co
" Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., a Japanese oncology pharma company, has launched a Silicon Valley-based strategic VC arm called Taiho Ventures. www.taiho.co.j"
" Cooley has added three partners to   its private equity practice: Ron Hopkinson (New York, previously with Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft), Eric Schwartzman (Palo Alto, Weil, Gotshal & Manges) and Stephen Rosen (London, Olswang). www.cooley.co"
" Brad Critchell has joined Hycroft as a managing director, with a focus on the secondary private equity partner (including GP restructurings). He previously was a managing director with Stanwich Advisors. www.hycroftadvisors.co"
 Shaun Dreyer has joined Wells Fargo Securities as a managing director and head of investment grade loan syndications. He previously was with BofA Merrill Lynch as a managing director and head of EMEA acquisition finance and syndicated loans. www.wellsfargo.co
" Scott Harley has quietly stepped down as a venture partner with Metamorphic Ventures. He joined the New York-based firm last year, after having served as a Presidential Innovation Fellow and a partner with Mohr Davidow Vetures. He did not return a request for comment. www.metamorphic.v"
" Daniel Heintzelman, former vice chairman of General Electric, has joined The Blackstone Group as a senior advisor, with a focus on the aerospace and industrial sectors. He also will serve as chairman of Blackstone portfolio company MB aerospace. www.blackstone.co"
 Charles Moorse has joined Norwest Equity Partners and Norwest Mezzanine Partners as in-house general counsel. He previously spent over 30 years with law firm Lindquist & Vennum. www.nep.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"It was the split heard 'round Silicon Valley: David Lee was leaving SV Angel, the high-profile venture capital firm he had co-founded with Ron Conway to invest in such tech startups as Airbnb, Docker, Pinterest and Snapchat."
"The stunning news came out nearly one year ago, based on a terse memo Conway sent to SV Angel's limited partners about how Lee ""had made a personal decision"" to spend more time with his family in Los Angeles. Neither Conway nor Lee commented further to the media, prompting speculation that this was not an amicable business divorce."
"Indeed, Fortune has learned that Conway's verbal conversations with LPs were much more critical of Lee than was his official letter."
"""It's really too bad because I like both Ron and David and would invest with both of them again. But there are some pretty hard feelings between the two of them,"" says one SV Angel limited partner, who spoke on condition of anonymity."
"According to several sources, Conway claimed to LPs that Lee had spent less time in Silicon Valley than Conway had expected when Lee first moved to Los Angeles in late 2012. That geographic shift had raised some eyebrows at the time, particularly given that SV Angel was a ""ground game"" firm known for focusing on Bay Area-based companies. But no one outside SV Angel paid too much attention, perhaps because Conway had said just months earlier at a conference that SV Angel ""is David's fund"" in which Conway had ""a huge vested interest."""
"By early 2015, however, Lee had told Conway that he didn't wanted to be part of SV Angel's next fund (SV Angel VI). Not only because of their disputes over ""time and place"" ― driven by Lee's family considerations ― but also because Lee had developed investment interests in areas that didn't necessarily match the core of SV Angel's strategy (e.g., healthcare)."
"The trouble, however, was that SV Angel wasn't just ""David's"" in a figurative sense. It was literally his, in that Lee owned its management company. Conway, a ""special limited partner"" in SV Angel who didn't take a salary, had paid relatively little attention to any of the structural nitty-gritty until Lee indicated that he wanted to move on. But when Conway did finally dig into the details, in order to facilitate the transition, LPs say that he blew a gasket."
"""When Ron is your friend, he is your best and most loyal friend in the world,"" says ano ther SV Angel limited partner. ""But when he feels betrayed... well, you don't want to piss him off."""
"According to what Conway told limited partners, Lee had effectively paid himself more than SV Angel's $250,000 annual salary cap, via a technique known as a fee waiver. While apparently foreign to Conway, fee waivers have been relatively common among private equity fund managers as a way to cover the portion of funds that the managers are required to invest up-front in order to better align interests (i.e., ""skin in the game""). Some managers used fee waivers as a tax dodge ― since they sidestepped ordinary income taxes on salary, instead plugging it directly into funds that would generate capital gains ― but others (particularly younger managers, perhaps including Lee) literally didn't have enough cash on hand to cover the ""GP commit."""
"Lee's fee waivers were spelled out in SV Angel's lawyer-approved fund documents (which Conway had also signed), and Lee's ownership of the management company theoretically meant that he could spend incoming management fees as he wished. As such, Conway never alleged any sort of fraud or legal violations. But he did tell LPs that he believed Lee had breached his trust, and that the two sides eventually hammered out a confidential separation settlement whereby Lee agreed to indirectly repay some of the disputed fee proceeds, plus some unrelated expense reimbursements."
"Lee, who currently is raising a new fund called Refactor Capital, provided the following statement to Fortune:"
"I’m deeply grateful for my time at SV Angel. I had the chance to develop many great relationships and work with many great startups. Those experiences were invaluable for my investing career. Ultimately I moved on because I wanted to spend more time with my wife and daughters. That’s it ― there’s no other reason.Also I’m proud of the work I did as the manager of SV Angel and what we accomplished as a team to help our portfolio founders and serve our investors. I stand behind everything I did while I was there.I’m very excited about my next chapter - to work with startups in areas like healthcare, education, and financial services. Software will play a big role in areas like these, and it’s been fun to support founders who are working on hard problems. It’s great to be back doing what I love, and I wish the SV Angel team all the best."
"Conway, who now serves as co-managing partner of SV Angel alongside his son Topher, declined comment."
" Hyperloop One (f.k.a. Hyperloop Technologies), a Los Angeles-based developer of ultra-high speed transportation services, has raised $80 million in new VC funding from Caspian Venture Partners, EightVC, Sherpa Ventures, ZhenFund, GE Ventures, Fast Digital, Khosla Ventures, France’s national railway SNCF, and Western Technology Investment. Read more"
" BigCommerce, an Austin, Texas-based e-commerce platform for SMBs, has raised $30 million in new VC funding. GGV Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers General Catalyst, Revolution Growth, SoftBank Capital, Tenaya, Split Rock, Telstra Ventures and American Express Ventures. www.bigcommerce.co"
" Soracom, a Tokyo-based provider of a communication platform for connected device developers, has raised around $22 million in Series B funding from firms like World Innovation Lab and Infinity Venture Partners. Read more"
" Simplee, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based platform that lets patients track and pay medical bills, has raised $20 million in Series C funding. Social Capital led the round, and was joined by American Express Ventures and return backers 83North and Heritage Group. www.simplee.co"
" OxStem, an Oxford University spinout focused on designing stem cell drugs to treat age-related diseases, has raised £16.9 million in new VC funding. No investor information was disclosed. www.oxstem.co.u"
" Waveworks, a London-based provi der of networking and monitoring solutions for containers and microservices, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Google Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backer Accel. www.weave.work"
" Drayson Technologies, a London-based developer of wireless energy solutions for lo-consumption devices, has raised £8 million in Series B funding co-led by return backers Landsdowne Partners and Woodford Investment Management. Read more"
" Ripple.co, a city-focused news platform, has raised $4 million in Series A funding. Backers include Rakuten, Greylock, Graph Ventures, Social Capital, Charles River Ventures, John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, Innovation Endeavors, Pejman Mar Ventures, Matter Ventures, 500 Startups, Joi Ito, Director of MIT Media Lab, and angel investors Blake Krikorian, Magdalena Yesil and Shane Smith. www.ripple.c"
" AWE Ltd. (ASX: AWE), an Australian oil and gas company, has rejected an A$421 million takeover offer from Lone Star Funds, saying that the bid undervalues the company. Read more"
" Bank of East Asia Ltd. (HK: 23), under pressure from Elliott Management, has hired Goldman Sachs to find a buyer for Tricor Holdings Ltd., a Hong Kong-based provider of back-office services, according to the WSJ. The Carlyle Group and Baring Private Equity Asia reportedly are among interested suitors. Read more"
" CHIC Fresh, a Shanghai-based maker of “cold-crafted” coconut water and juices, has raised $30 million in equity funding from ClearVue Partners. www.cvpcap.co"
" Dell is expected to launch an investment grade bond sale that could be designed to raise at least $16 billion, to help finance its proposed purchase of EMC Corp. Read more"
" Epic Health Services Inc., a Dallas-based portfolio company of Webster Capital, has acquired Rehabilitation Associates, a Virginia Beach, Va.-based private pediatric therapy provider. No financial terms were disclosed. www.epichealthservices.co"
" Huron Capital Partners and Duchossois Capital Management have acquired a majority stake in Systems Inc., a Germantown, Wis.-based maker of loading dock leveling equipment, truck restraints, specialty dock equipment and related accessories. No financial terms were disclosed. www.docksystemsinc.co"
" Iovate Health Sciences International Inc., a Canadian provider of nutrition and weight-loss products has received takeover bids from such suitors as CDH Investments, Hony Capital, Kelso & Co. and Xiwang Group Co., according to Bloomberg. The deal could value Iovate, maker of MuscleTech, at upwards of $1 billion. Read more"
" KKR has reemerged as a prospective bidder for Australian supermarket chain Woolworths Ltd. (ASX: WOW), which has a current market cap of around A$21 billion, according to The Australian. Read more"
" Willowood USA, a Roseburg, Ore.-based manufacturer of generic crop protection products, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Lariat Partners. www.willowoodusa.co"
" Midland States Bancorp Inc., an Effingham, Ill.-based regional bank with around $2.9 billion in assets under management, has set its IPO terms to 3.9 million shares being offered at between $25 and $27 per share. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol MSBI, with Sandler O'Neill and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods serving as co-lead underwriters. www.midlandsb.co"
" Oncobiologics, a Cranbury, N.J.-based developer of biosimilar therapeutics, has cut its proposed IPO terms to 5.8 million shares being offered at $6 per share, compared to earlier plans to offer 5 million shares at between $11 and $13 per share. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol ONS, with Jefferies and Barclays serving as lead underwriters.  Oncobiologics  has raised over $43 million in VC funding, from firms like Perceptive Advisors,Cormorant Global Healthcare Master Fund, Longwood Capital Partners, venBio Select Fund, Proximare Lifesciences Fund, OSSB Pharma Fund and MIH Fund. www. oncobiologics .co"
" Turning   Point  Brands Inc., a Louisville, Ky.-based maker of ""other tobacco products"" like loose leaf chew and Zig Zag rolling paper, raised $54 million in its IPO. The company priced 5.4 million shares at $10 per share (below $13-$15 range). It will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol TPB, with FBR and Cowen & Co. serving as underwriters. www.zigzag.co"
" Ardian is beginning to discuss a dividend recap for German specialty pharma company Riemser, as the first step of what would become a sale process, according to Reuters. Riemser generates around €300 million in annual revenue. Read more"
" EnCap Investments has hired Jefferies Group to find a buyer for PayRock Energy, an Oklahoma City-based oil and gas company, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be worth upwards of $1.5 billion. Read more"
" The Gores Group has agreed to sell Hay Group, a German producer of forged and machined steel automotive parts, to Japanese auto parts manufacturer Musashi Seimitsu (Tokyo: 2770). No financial terms were disclosed. www.gores.co"
" L Catterton has sold its remaining stake in Nature’s Variety, a St. Louis-based maker of all-natural pet foods, to joint venture partner Agrolimen SA (Spain) for an undisclosed amount. www.naturesvariety.co"
" Citadel is in talks to acquire Automated Trading Desk, an electronic market-maker , from Citigroup (NYSE: C), according to the FT. Read more"
" Engie (Paris: ENGIE) has acquired an 80% stake in Green Charge Networks, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based provider of battery systems and energy management software for building owners. Read more"
" Grubhub (NYSE: GRUB) has acquired LAbite, a Los Angeles-based restaurant delivery service, for around $65 million in cash. Headwaters MB managed the process. www.grubhub.co"
" Marketo Inc. (Nasdaq: MRKO), a San Mateo, Calif.-based provider of cloud-based engagement marketing software, has hired Morgan Stanley to explore strategic alternatives, including a possible sale of the company, according to Bloomberg. Marketo shares surged on the news, giving the company a $1.19 billion market cap. Shareholders include Battery Ventures (1.14% stake). Read more"
" Ultimate Fighting Championship president Dana White said that the mixed martial arts league is not for sale, following an ESPN report that UFC parent Zuffa LLC was seeking a buyer. Read more"
" Lantern Asset Management , a Dallas-based private equity firm led by former Ally Financial executive Andy Mitchell, is raising upwards of $500 million for its debut fund, according to regulatory filings. www.lanternam.co"
" Longitude Venture Partners is raising upwards of $525 million for its third fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.longitudecapital.co"
" Bob Bianco, former CEO of Menlo Worldwide, has joined Calera Capital as an operating partner. www.caleracapital.co"
" Isaac Bright has joined Synthetic Biologics Inc. (NYSE: SYN) as VP of corporate development. He previously was a partner with Merieux Development, where he led U.S. private equity investments. www.syntheticbiologics.co"
 Grant Moyer has joined Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group as head of leveraged capital markets for the Americas. He previously was a managing director with Goldman Sachs. www.mufg.jp/englis
" Steven Pierson has agreed to join Lovell Minnick Partners, a private equity firm focused on financial and business services companies, as president and a partner. He previously was with UBS as head of FIG investment banking for the Americas and global head of financial technology and services. www.lovelminnick.co"
 Carl Rutstein has joined management consulting firm A.T. Kearney as a partner in its financial institutions group. He previously was with The Kessler Group. www.atkearney.co
" Ashleigh Schap has joined Dorilton Capital, a family office focused on lower middle-market buyouts, has director of business development. She previously was with Axial. www.doriltoncapital.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some notes to kick off National Limerick Day...
" Where's my union card? A joint letter was sent yesterday by eight groups (including the AFL-CIO, American Federation of Teachers and Americans for Financial Reform) to U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and IRS officials, decrying tax ""abuse"" related to private equity portfolio company monitoring fees (including acceleration clauses). And more than one third of the footnotes are to items I've written in Term Sheet and/or at Fortune.com, plus an additional in-text mention"
From the letter:
"""First, the improper deduction of monitoring fees deprives the U.S. government of hundreds of millions if not billions of legally owed tax revenue each and every year; this requires the government to make up the difference in the form of higher taxes on honest taxpayers. Second, the improper deduction of monitoring fees also facilitates private equity’s business model of stripping large amounts of capital out of operating portfolio companies, which impedes their growth and makes them more susceptible to financial failure..."
"Nobody pays millions of dollar for services while allowing the service provider to decide whether it will actually do any work. Nobody allows a service provider to unilaterally terminate a service agreement and still receive the full value of the entire remaining contract. In fact, these monitoring fees are in reality disguised dividends. """
Yup.
" Today in Theranos: Big reorg at the beseiged blood testing startup, with president and chief operating officer Sunny Balwani ""retiring"" at the age of 50. The plan is to hire a new COO, head of research and chief medical officer, but none of those positions seem to yet be filled. Theranos also has added three new members to its board of directors: Fabrizio Bonanni (ex-Amgen), William Foege (ex-CDC director) and Richard Kovacevich (ex-Wells Fargo CEO). Both Foege and Kovacevich had been Theranos directors before a board shakeup last year resulted in them becoming senior advisors"
" Speaking of Theranos: A number of people yesterday drew parallels between the company and uBeam, a VC-backed wireless electric charging startup that has been the subject of deep skepticism among certain physicists. They arose after a former uBeam vice president of engineering, Paul Reynolds, alleged in a series of blog posts that the uBeam technology ― which has never been publicly demonstrated ― is little more than vaporware"
"It's a bad comparison, and not only because it smells a bit of bias against young, blonde female founders (in this case, Meredith Perry). Both may well prove to be lousy investments, with technology that doesn't ultimately work as advertised. But that's not terribly unusual for ambitious startups in the biotech or energy tech sectors. The key difference is that Theranos was providing vital medical information to real people in real clinics, where errors could result in healthcare treatment mistakes (remember this?). uBeam also has some theoretical safety issues, but not nearly so directly nor at the same scale."
Let each of them stand or fall on their own.
" Talking head: I was on CNBC yesterday to discuss the LendingClub mess and, in particular, how it's been made worse by a board of directors that has been way too cagey about what really happened. Video here"
" Fighting words: ESPN on Tuesday reported that Ultimate Fighting Championship, the mixed martial arts league whose fighters include Ronda Rousey and Conor McGregor, is in ""advanced talks"" to be acquired (the league is owned by a holding company for Lorenzo and Frank Fertitta). Then UFC president Dana White came out and called the report bogus, saying to multiple media outlets that UFC ""is not for sale."
"But White isn't telling the truth. A source familiar with the situation tells me that UFC is indeed on the block, and has retained bankers to help find a buyer (adding that a sale is not certain, particularly given that it has family owners who may change their minds). It's also possible that White is simply uninformed, although the same source says that he would be considered an integral part of the company, rather than an executive to be replaced in the event of an acquisition."
" SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc. (f.k.a. John Deere Landscapes), a Roswell, Ga.-based wholesale distributor of landscape supplies in the U.S., raised $210 million in its IPO. The company priced 10 million shares at $21 per share (middle of range), for an initial market cap of around $830 million"
"It will trade under ticker symbol SITE, while Deutsche Bank served as lead underwriter. SiteOne reported $20.8 million of net income on $1.45 billion in revenue for 2015. Owners include Clayton Dubilier & Rice and Deere & Co. www.siteone.com"
" LetGo, a New York-based mobile marketplace for secondhand goods, has agreed to acquire the U.S. operations of Spain-based mobile classifieds company Wallapop. As part of the deal, existing will invest another $100 million into the combined business. LetGo backers include Naspers, while Wallapop has raised VC funding from such firms as Accel, Insight Venture Partners, NEA and Vostok Ventures. Read more"
" Bolt Threads, an Emeryville, Calif.-based maker of spider silk threads, has raised $50 million in Series C funding. Formation 8 led the round, and was joined by Innovation Endeavors, Nan Fung and return backers Founders Fund, Foundation Capital, Alafi Capital, and East West Capital. The company also struck a partnership with Patagonia. Read more"
" G1 Therapeutics, a Chapel Hill, N.C.-based developer of small molecules for use in cancer therapy and biodefense applications, has raised $47 million in third-round funding. Cormorant Asset Management led the round, and was joined by Aju IB Investment, Cowen Private Investments, Franklin Templeton Investments, Rock Springs Capital and return backers Eshelman Ventures, Hatteras Venture Partners, Lumira Capital, MedImmune Ventures, Mountain Group Capital, RA Capital and Tavistock Life Sciences. Read more"
" Capital Float, an India-based online lending platform for small businesses, has raised $25 million in Series B funding. Creation Investments led the round, and was joined by SAIF Partners, Sequoia Capital and Aspada. Read more"
" Evaneos, a French online marketplace for customized travel experiences, has raised $21 million in third-round funding from Serena Capital, Fonds Ambition Numérique managed by Bpifrance, ISAI,and XAnge. Read more"
"Pillar Biosciences Inc., a Boston-based developer of clinical oncology testing solutions, has raised $18 million in new finding from ORI Healthcare Fund. www.pillar-biosciences.com"
" Pwnie Express, a Boston-based provider of wireless and wired threat protection solutions, has raised $12.9 million in Series B funding. Ascent Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by MassMutual Ventures and return backers .406 Ventures, Fairhaven Capital and the Vermont Center for Emerging Technologies. www.pwnieexpress.co"
" Sol Voltaics, a Swedish developer of solar energy nanomaterials, has raised $12.5 million in Series C funding. Riyadh Valley Co., the VC arm of King Saud University in Saudi Arabia, led the round, and was joined by return backers Umoe, FAM, Industrifonden and Nano Future Invest. The company also secured $4.5 million in new grand funding. www.solvoltaics.co"
" ConnXus, a Mason, Ohio-based supplier diversity technology platform, has raised $5 million in Series A funding from Techstars Ventures, Serious Change LP and Impact America Fund. www.connxus.co"
" Kontor, a New York-based market network for commercial interior design, has raised $4.6 million in new VC funding from FF Angel, Wellington Partners, Female Founders Fund and BBG Ventures. www.kontor.co"
" Astrobotic Technology, a Pittsburgh-based startup that wants to eventually help deliver payloads to the moon, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding led by Space Angels Network. Read more"
" Clearlake Capital Group has agreed to acquire Vision Solutions, an Irvine, Calif.-based provider of disaster recovery and migration software, from Thoma Bravo. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which is expected to close later this quarter. www.visionsolutions.co"
" EQT Infrastructure has agreed to acquire DCLI, a Charlotte, N.C.-based provider of chassis equipment and asset management services to the U.S. intermodal industry, from Littlejohn & Co. No financial terms were disclosed. www.dcli.co"
" Great Hill Partners has agreed to acquire a majority equity stake in Evolve IP, a Wayne, Penn.-based cloud services company, for an undisclosed amount. www.evolveip.ne"
" SolAero Technologies Corp., an Albuquerque, N.M.-based provider of satellite solar power and structural solutions, has acquired San Diego-based rival Vanguard Space Technologies from Enlightenment Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. SolAero is a portfolio company of Veritas Capital. www.solaerotech.co"
" Thoma Bravo has offered to acquire Infoblox Inc. (NYSE: BLOX), a Santa Clara, Calif.-based provider of network control solutions, according to Bloomberg. The company has a current market cap of around $886 million. Read more"
" Travel Nurse Across America, a North Little Rock, Ark.-based healthcare staffing firm focused on providing travel nurses to hospitals and healthcare facilities, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Gridiron Capital. www.nurse.t"
" Zephyr, a Newark, Calif.-based provider of on-demand enterprise test management solutions, has raised $31 million in growth equity funding frm Frontier Capital. www.getzephyr.co"
"  China Music Corp., a Tencent-backed owner of online music streaming services Kugou and Kuwo, is prepping a U.S. IPO, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Clearside Biomedical Inc., an Alpharetta, Ga.-based developer of therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye, has set its IPO terms to 4 million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $244 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The pre-revenue company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol CLSD, with RBC Capital Markets serving as lead underwriter. Shareholders include Hatteras Venture Partners (28.4% pre-IPO stake), RMI Investments (12.5%), Santen Pharmaceutical Co. (9.2%), GRA Venture Fund (7.2%), Aju IB Investment, Cormorant Asset Management, Perceptive Advisors and Rock Springs Capital Management. www.clearsidebio.co"
" Dong Energy AS, a Danish offshore wind power operator, is prepping a Copenhagen IPO for this summer. Shareholders include Goldman Sachs, The ATP Group and Pfa Pension. Read more"
" Grupo Supervielle SA, an Argentinian bank with around $3 billion in assets under management, has set its IPO terms to 2.8 million American depository shares being offered at between $11 and $13 per ADS. It would have a fully diluted market value of nearly $800 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on both the NYSE and the MERVAL, with Morgan Stanley and BofA Merrill Lynch serving as co-lead underwriters. www.gruposupervielle.com.a"
" Viamet Pharmaceuticals Holdings, a Durham, N.C.-based developer of inhibitors of validated metalloenzymes, has postponed an IPO that had been scheduled to price this week. The company had filed to sell 5.7 million shares at between $14 and $16 per share, after having previously filed for a $75 million IPO in 2014 that was withdrawn later that same year. Viamet has raised over $150 million in VC funding from firms like Novartis Bioventures (12.9% pre-IPO stake), Lilly Ventures (11.3%), Hatteras Venture Partners (7.8%) and Intersouth Partners (6.3%). www.viamet.co"
" AMC Entertainment (NYSE: AMC), the Leawood, Kansas-based movie theater chain controlled by China’s Dalian Wanda Group, is preparing a $1.3 billion takeover offer for Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group, a European movie theater chain owned by Terra Firma Capital Partners, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" DePuy Orthopaedics, a unit of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), has acquired BioMedical Enterprises Inc., a San Antonio, Texas-based maker of orthopedic implants for small bone fixation, from Cross Atlantic Partners and Camden Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. BME was represented on the deal by England & Co. www.bme-tx.co"
" Providence Equity Partners is considering exit options for ZeniMax Media Inc., a Rockville, Md.-based video game publisher whose titles include Doom and Quake, according to Bloomberg. The company could be valued at upwards of $2.5 billion. Read more"
" Bayer AG of Germany is exploring a takeover bid for $39 billion U.S. agricultural company Monsanto Co. (NYSE: MON), according to Bloomberg. Read more"
 Nissan Motor (Tokyo: 7201) has agreed to acquire a 34% in Mitsubishi Motors (Tokyo: 7211) for around $2.2 billion. Read more
" Paddle8, a New York-based secondary marketplace for art and luxury collectibles, is merging with German peer Auctionata. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Auctionata shareholders will receive a larger percentage of the combined company (as it is a bigger business). Auctionata had raised over $100 million in VC funding from firms like MCI Management, Hearst Ventures, Kreos Capital, Holtzbrinck Ventures, Earlybird Venture Capital, e-ventures, b-to-v Partners, Bright Capital and Kite Ventures. Paddle8 had raised over $40 million from Mousse Partners, Founder Collective and individual angels. Read more"
" Idinvest Partners is closing in on a €400 million final close for its third private equity secondaries fund, according to Private Equity International. The French firm, once an in-house investment unit of Allianz, also is targeting €700 million for a new private debt fund. Read more. www.idinvest-partners.co"
" Novacap, a Canadian private equity firm, has closed its fourth fund with C$470 million in capital commitments. Read more"
" StepStone Group has agreed to acquire Swiss Capital Alternative Investments, a Zurich-based private debt and hedge fund advisory and management firm with around $5 billion in assets under management. Read more"
 Gaurang Vyas has joined FocusPoint Private Capital Group as a senior managing director. He previously was a managing director with Enhanced Capital. www.fpcgllc.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Today's big deal is that Apple has agreed to invest $1 billion into Didi Chuxing, the Chinese ride-hailing service that is now valued at approximately $25 billion. This is part of the previously-reported $2 billion raise by Didi, which previously raised capital from such groups as Alibaba, Tencent, SoftBank, Beijing Automotive, Ping An Insurance Group, Tiger Global Management, Coatue Management and D.E. Shaw."
"For Didi, this makes all sorts of sense. For starters, the $1 billion will help it keep trying to beat out Uber for local transportation supremacy. And it doesn't even have to give up much of the company or a board seat."
"Apple's intentions, however, are tougher to divine. My China-based colleague Scott Cendrowski thinks that Apple might be using Didi as a backdoor into expanding the use of Apple Pay China, which is a distant competitor to Alipay (owned, ironically, by earlier Didi investor Alibaba)."
"The deal also could indicate that Apple is further along on its autonomous cars than it has publicly let on, and wants to leverage Didi's traffic pattern data (plus rural road mapping information)."
"Or perhaps Apple simply wants to distract and worry Uber, which also is working on its own autonomous fleet. For his part, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick responded to the news with an amusing tweet about how his girlfriend owns Apple stock, which now makes her an indirect Didi shareholder. Actually, it also makes her an indirect shareholder in Lyft, which sold some equity to Didi as part of a broader strategic partnership. Think it's time to create a web-graph of sorts..."
" Not so easy: I've been wanting to write about the official collapse of the Staples-Office Depot merger, which came this week after a federal judge ruled in favor of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. My gut take is that for all the missteps Staples has made in this process ― including its legal gamble of not really putting on a legal defense ― the FTC acted capriciously. Even if you don't accept that online retailers now serve as legitimate rivals to the big box stores (unlike the last time Staples and Office Depot tried to merge), the FTC objection was remarkably narrow (""consumables"" for big business customers) and Staples did have a deal in place to divest many of those contracts"
"Trouble is, the judge hasn't yet explained his decision. That comes next week. Keep thinking there is something I'm missing because, even without a formal defense by Staples/Office Depot, it doesn't appear that the FTC really proved its case. More on this once we've got a judicial opinion."
" Slam dunk: Square today announced that one of its board members is stepping down, but it's not either of the two directors who also sit on the LendingClub board. Instead, the departing director is Magic Johnson ― which reminds me that Magic Johnson was on the board of a $3 billion, publicly-traded technology company. His successor is Paul Deighton, former UK Commercial Secretary"
 Quiz Time: Can you name the latest two-man venture capital fund to effectively collapse due to GP squabbles? Hint: Debut fund was sub-$50 million
" Where in the World? Your next Term Sheet will come at you from Carlsbad, Calif., where I'll be stationed until Wednesday for Fortune Brainstorm E. Hope to see some of you there"
 Have a great weekend..
" Didi Chuxing, a Chinese ride-hailing company that claims over 11 million rides each day, has raised $1 billion in strategic funding from Apple Inc. Read more"
" EndoStim Inc., a St. Louis-based developer of a neurostimulation therapy device for gastroesophageal reflux disease, has raised $25 million in Series D funding. Endeavour Vision led the round, and was joined by Wellington Partners, GIMV and return backer Santé Ventures. www.endostim.co"
" Viridity Energy Inc., a Philadelphia-based provider of battery storage and demand response solutions, has raised $8.5 million in new funding from AltEnergy LLC. www.viridityenergy.co"
" Accion Systems, a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of miniature space propulsion systems, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Shasta Ventures led the round for Accion, which won the ""unicorn idol"" competition last summer at Fortune Brainstorm Tech. Other backers include RRE Ventures, Founder Collective and Slow Ventures. Read more"
" PebblePost, a New York-based personalized online mailing platform, has raised around $5.13 million in new VC funding, according to a regulatory filing. Greycroft Partners was joined by return backers Tribecca Venture Partners and ff Venture Capital. www.pebblepost.co"
" Medal, a San Francisco-based online platform for unifying medical records, has raised $3.78 million in new VC funding, according to a regulatory filing. No investors were disclosed. www.getmedal.co"
" EnBiotix Inc., a Cambridge, Mass.-based bioengineering startup focused on combatting drug-resistant and drug-tolerant bacterial infections, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding from backers like Wired Holdings Investment Corp. and Apeiron Holdings Ltd. www.enbiotix.co"
" Advanced Medical Personnel Services Inc., a Port Orange, Fla.-based portfolio company of Clearview Capital, has acquired Rise Medical Staffing LLC, a Sacramento, Calif.-based provider of travel nurse staffing solutions to hospitals and other healthcare facilities. No financial terms were disclosed. www.advanced-medical.ne"
" Montagu Private Equity has acquired a majority stake in Funeral Services Partnership, a British funeral services provider, from August Equity for an undisclosed amount. www.montagu.co"
" Optiv Security LLC, a Denver-based cybersecurity company backed by The Blackstone Group, has acquired Evantix GRC LLC, a Newport Beach, Calif.-based provider of a SaaS application for managing third-party risk. No financial terms were disclosed. www.evantix.co"
" Acacia Communications, a Maynard, Mass.-based provider of transceivers for ultra-high speed fiber optic transmission to the telecom infrastructure industry, raised $104 million in its IPO. The company priced 4.5 million shares at $23 per share (high end of $21-$23 range), for an initial market cap of around $820 million. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol ACIA, while Goldman Sachs, BofA Merrill Lynch and Deutsche Bank served as lead underwriters. Acacia reports $40.5 million of net income on $239 million in revenue for 2015, compared to $13.5 million of net income on $146 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Shareholders include Matrix Partners (39.2% pre-IPO stake), Commonwealth Capital Ventures (19.7%), Summit Partners (9.4%) and Egan Managed Capital. www.acacia-inc.co"
"  China Online Education Group, a Beijing-based online education platform focused on English language proficiency, has filed for a $100 million IPO. Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse are serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $50.5 million net loss on nearly $24 million in revenue for 2015. Shareholders include DCM (24.1% pre-IPO stake) and Sequoia Capital China (19.3%)"
" Fosun International (HK: 0656) is among the bidders for Singapore reinsurer ACR Capital Holdings, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at upwards of $1 billion. ACR’s current owners include 3i Group, Temasek, Khazanah Nasional and Marubeni Corp. Read more"
" IBM (NYSE: IBM) has acquired Bluewolf Group LLC, a New York-based designer of cloud computing solutions for enterprise clients via the Salesforce platform, from Riordan, Lewis & Haden Equity Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.bluewolfgroup.co"
" Kickstart of Salt Lake City is raising its fourth seed fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.kickstartseedfund.co"
" KKR is planning to open a Mexico City office and raise a Mexico-focused private equity fund, according to Bloomberg. The New York-based firm has not yet hired anyone to lead the new effort. Read more"
" LBC Credit Partners is raising upwards of $600 million for its fourth fund, according to a regulatory filing. So far it has secured $180 million in capital commitments. www.lbccredit.co"
 Mark Barnard plans to retire as a head of private investments at the $18.2 billion endowment for the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. He originally joined more than 20 years ago. www.hhmi.or
 William Ross has joined Grey Mountain Partners as a senior associate. He previously was with Stonehenge Partners. www.greymountainco
" Marc Rossell has joined Greenberg Traurig as a New York-based partner in the law firm’s capital markets, Latin American and Iberian practices. He previously was with Chadbourne & Park. www.gtlaw.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from Carlsbad, where I'm in town for Fortune Brainstorm E, our annual conference on the convergence of energy, technology and sustainability."
"We'll be live-streaming at Fortune.com beginning at 2pm PT, including my 4:4opm interview with Afsaneh Beschloss (CEO of Rock Creek Group, former CIO for The World Bank). Now some assorted notes as the local sun rises..."
" It gets uglier: Hugo Van Vuuren has filed suit against former Xfund partner Patrick Chung and the Xfund management company, based on the conflict we first detailed earlier this month. We've also obtained an email sent earlier this morning from Van Vuuren to Xfund's limited partners, telling them of his legal action"
"I'm still working through the complaint, filed late Friday in California (and I've yet to successfully contact Chung or his PR reps), but here are the items that jump out as particularly notable:"
"* Van Vurren is suing for a variety of causes, including fraud, breach of fiduciary duty and defamation."
"* Van Vuuren is disputing Chung's deal attribution claims, as laid out in the March temporary restraining order request (which was subsequently withdrawn). Specificially, Van Vuuren says in his complaint that all of Xfund II's portfolio appreciation has come via the Experiment Fund portfolio that was acquired at fund inception, more than 85% of which is attributed directly to Kensho. This is likely to come down to a sourcing vs. vetting discussion, as there is no dispute that Van Vuuren basically sourced all of the Experiment Fund deals, including Kensho. Chung, however, was a member of the Experiment Fund's investment committee and tasked with vetting many of the companies. At the very least, however, this does call into question the near uniformity among Xfund II LPs I spoke with, when they told me that Chung had a demonstrated track record whereas Van Vuuren did not."
"* There have been lots of questions as to why Van Vuuren would have signed away his equal ""vote"" in fund investment and personnel matters, or at least over his apparent negligence in not reading what he was signing. Van Vuuren basically claims that he and Chung had wanted to create a 10% ""carry pool"" for future employees and that, while Van Vuuren was tending to a family matter in South Africa, Chung emailed him saying that law firm Ropes & Gray had drawn up the docs to do just that (in part because Xfund wanted to hire someone), attached the revised docs to his email and asked Van Vuuren to sign. Per the complaint, Chung allegedly did not mention that the docs also included governance changes that would give Chung a ""tie-breaker"" in disputes with Van Vuuren."
"* Van Vuuren alleges that Chung installed a hidden camera in Xfund offices (which reside within New Enterprise Associates' Sand Hill Road digs) to record meetings, including with Xfund limited partners."
"* In his letter this morning to LPs, Van Vuuren wrote, in part: “Since December 2015 I have tried to resolve these issues with multiple settlement proposals. Unfortunately, my co-founder has rejected many proposals and most recently simply failed to respond. Consequently, on advice of counsel, and after exhausting all other options, I am now taking legal action.”"
" iHail: Two follow-up thoughts on Apple's $1 billion investment in Chinese ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing: (1) As an emailer points out, the deal is actually a bit cheaper for Apple than it appears at first glance, as it represents a way for the California company to utilize some of its ""stuck"" overseas cash; (2) Apple CEO Tim Cook is in China today, and there is an argument to be made that the Didi investment largely is designed to better ingratiate the company with local regulators"
" He's a Slacker: Late last year, workplace collaboration ""unicorn"" Slack announced the creation of an $80 million venture capital fund that would invest in software startups that compliment its technology. Now comes word that Jason Spinell, former head of venture investing at (now defunct) consulting firm Undercurrent, has joined Slack to help manage and invest the fund, per Spinell's LinkedIn account"
" Long run: James Geshwiler is moving on from Converge Venture Partners (f.k.a. CommonAngels), the Boston-based venture capital firm where he has been a managing director for the past 17 years. No word yet on his future plans"
" Oops: A Delaware judge on Friday ruled that T. Rowe Price cannot sue Dell Inc. over its 2013 take-private buyout, because the mutual fund manager mistakenly voted in favor of the controversial deal"
"T. Rowe had been seeking an ""appraisal"" of its old Dell stock, which it had consistently said were being undervalued by the $13.75 per share take-private. Only trouble is that such appraisals only are granted to shareholders that do not vote in favor of the deal ― and T. Rowe essentially pressed the wrong button. The firm says that it is continuing to review its legal options."
" Taobao Mobile, an online movie ticketing platform unit of Alibaba Group’s film and television subsidiary (Alibaba Pictures), has raised around $250 million in Series A funding. Backers include Ant Financial (also an Alibaba affiliate), CDH Investments, Sina.com, Hehe Pictures, BONA Film and Huace Media. Read more"
" DalCor Pharmaceuticals, a Montreal-based developer of cardiovascular disease treatments that genetically targets patients, has raised US$100 million in Series B funding. Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, the Fonds de solidarité FTQ and CTI Life Sciences were joined by return backers Sanderling Ventures and André Desmarais. The company previously raised $50 million. www.dalcorpharma.co"
" Bridge2 Solutions, an Alpharetta, Ga.-based SaaS platform for the loyalty and rewards industry, has raised $35 million in equity funding from Updata Partners. www.bridge2solutions.co"
" AtScale Inc., a San Francisco-based self-service business intelligence platform for Hadoop, has raised $11 million in Series B funding. Comcast Ventures led the round, and was joined by UMC, AME Ventures, Storm Ventures and XSeed Capital. www.atscale.co"
" Apollo Global Management and Cinven are among those weighing bids for Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.’s (NYSE: TEVA) generic drug portfolio in the UK, Ireland and Iceland, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be worth between $1.5 billion and $2 billion, with Mylan NV and Novartis also expected to have interest. Greenhill & Co. is managing the process. Read more"
" Beacon Rail Leasing, a UK-based portfolio company of Pamplona Capital Management, has agreed to acquire Ascendos Rail Leasing SARL, a Luxembourg-based locomotive and rolling stock leasing company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.beaconrail.co"
" Bolder Healthcare Solutions, a Louisville, Ky.-based portfolio company of Edgewater Funds, has acquired Prospective Payment Specialists Inc., an El Segundo, Calif.-based provider of medical coding and revenue cycle solutions to hospitals and other healthcare facilities. No financial terms were disclosed. www.bolderhealthcare.co"
" General Atlantic is the “frontrunner” in an auction to acquire a control stake in London-based energy media company Argus Media, according to the FT. The deal could value Argus at around £950 million. Read more"
" Mazarine Energy, a Tunisia-focused oil and gas exploration company, has secured $500 million equity commitment from The Carlyle Group. Read more"
" Tanos Energy, a Tyler, Texas-based oil and gas exploration and production company, has acquired around 40,000 net acres in East Texas and North Louisiana from ConocoPhillips Co. (NYSE: COP) and Fidelity Exploration and Production Co. In conjunction with the deal, Tanos said that existing backer Quantum Energy Partners has increased its equity commitment to $500 million. www.tanosexp.co"
"  BOC Aviation, an aircraft leasing subsidiary of Bank of China, reportedly has secured $1.1 billion in investor commitments for its upcoming IPO, from backers that include Boeing, China Investment Corp. and Silk Road. Read more"
"  ConvaTec Inc., a Luxembourg-based medical device company owned by Avista Capital Partners and Nordic Capital, is speaking to banks about a London IPO that could raise more than $1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Oncobiologics, a Cranbury, N.J.-based developer of biosimilar therapeutics, raised $35 million in its IPO. The company priced 5.8 million shares at $6 per share (it had originally planned to price at between $11-$13 per share), for an initial market cap of around $137 million. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol ONS, while Jefferies and Barclays served as lead underwriters. Oncobiologics had raised over $43 million in VC funding, from firms like Perceptive Advisors,Cormorant Global Healthcare Master Fund, Longwood Capital Partners, venBio Select Fund, Proximare Lifesciences Fund, OSSB Pharma Fund and MIH Fund. www.oncobiologics.co"
" US Foods, an Illinois-based foodservice giant, has set its IPO terms to 44.44 million shares being offered at between $21 and $24 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $4.8 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol USFD, with Goldman Sachs listed as left lead underwriter. The company reports $168 million of net income on $23.13 billion in revenue for fiscal 2015. US Foods was acquired by KKR and Clayton Dubilier & Rice for $7.1 billion in 2007, and currently carries around $5 billion of debt. www.usfoods.co"
" Comcast (Nasdaq: CMCS) has acquired StickyAds.tv, a French provider of instream video advertising solutions. No financial terms were disclosed, but BusinessInsider reports a sale price in excess of $100 million. StickAds.tv had raised over $6 million in VC funding from firms like Ventech. Read more"
" Indiegogo has acquired the assets of Celery, a San Francisco-based platform for creating “pre-order” sites. No financial terms were disclosed. Indiegogo has raised over $50 million in VC funding from firms like ff Venture Capital, IVP, Insight Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins, Metamorphic Ventures and MS Capital. Celery had raised around $2 million from Y Combinator, Boost VC, SV Angel, Elementum Ventures, the Wharton Venture Initiation Program and Max Levchin. Read more"
" Renaissance Acquisition Holdings LLC, a Lake Forest, Ill.-based portfolio company of RoundTable Healthcare Partners, has agreed to sell its topical pharma business to Mylan NV (Nasdaq: MYL) for up to $1 billion (including $950m in cash at closing). www.renaissanceah.co"
" Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical has offered to acquire Gland Pharma, an Indian injectable drug-maker owned by KKR. No financial terms were disclosed, but Gland reportedly could be valued at around $1.5 billion. Read more"
" Anheuser-Busch InBev has agreed to sell its Panamanian business to Brazilian brewer Ambev SA for Ambev’s Colombia, Peru and Ecuador business. The deal is contingent on the completion of InBev’s merger with SABMiller. www.inbev.co"
" Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) has agreed to acquire Palo Alto, Calif.-based Anacor Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Nasdaq: ANAC) for approximately $4.5 billion in cash ($5.2 billion including debt), or $99.25 per share (55% premium over Friday’s closing price). Read more"
" Playboy Enterprises has hired Moelis & Co. to find a buyer, according to the WSJ. A deal could be worth more than $500 million. Read more"
" Sirius XM Canada Holdings (TSX: XSR) has agreed to be acquired for around C$472 million, or C$4.50 per share (6.4% premium over Thursday’s closing price), by its largest shareholder, SiriusXM Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: SIRI). Also participating on the deal are Slaight Communications Inc. and Obelysk Media. Read more"
" Terex (NYSE: TEX), a Westport, Conn.-based maker of cranes and construction machinery, said that it will terminate a $3.3 billion merger with Finland's Konecranes (Helsinki: KCR1V), and instead will sell its material handling and port solutions business to Konecranes for $1.3 billion. Read more"
" DAO, a leaderless investment group that uses the Bitcoin-inspired platform Ethereum, has raised more than $100 million in cryptocurrency, which it will use to support sharing economy projects and companies. Read more"
" Brian Miner has joined Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP as a Washington, D.C.-based partner in the firm’s M&A and private equity practice. He previously was a partner at Reed Smith. www.friedfrank.co"
" Don More has joined JMP Securities as a New York-based managing director of investment banking, with a focus on the cybersecurity sector. He previously led cybersecurity M&A for Signal Hill. www.jmpg.co"
 Catherine Mountjoy has joined the College of William & Mary as director of investments. She previously spent more than 11 years as a partner with Altius Associates. www.wm.ed
" Francesca Wuttke has joined Merck’s global health innovation fund as a Spain-based managing director of principal investments in Europe. She previously was with Almirall and, before that, Novartis. www.merck.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Early greetings from Carlsbad, where the second day of Fortune Brainstorm E will soon kick off. A few related notes:"
" Emerging renewables: Yesterday I interviewed Afsaneh Bechloss, founder and CEO of hedge fund manager Rock Creek Group and former chief investment officer for The World Bank. We spent most of the time discussing her belief that renewable energy adoption in emerging markets will be even stronger than already-bullish projections from groups like the IMF, due to both falling prices and the fact that personal health concerns in many markets (e.g., China and India) are bigger drivers than politics (i.e., environmental concerns). Moreover, she said that the (now reversing) drop in oil prices didn’t have much negative impact on renewables adoption in emerging markets, because many consumers in those areas already have their energy costs subsidized"
"I also asked hedge fund manager Bechloss, a known Democrat, about how her firm is ""hedging"" against the possibility of a President Trump. Her reply: “You can’t really hedge because you don’t know exactly what Trump’s positions will be… For example, he has the largest potential debt issuance program, given all the things he’s talked about, of everybody. At the same time he has said he might not pay back. So there is a dichotomy.” You can view video of our discussion by going here."
" Car talk: Ford Motor Co. executive chairman Bill Ford was interviewed on stage by my boss (Alan Murray), and you can view the video here"
"I also got some time with him afterwards, during which he said that January media reports about a strategic partnership with Google (which was supposedly to be announced at the Consumer Electronics Show) were overblown. In short, he said the discussions never matured anywhere near the point of completion. Ford, a part-owner of the Detroit Lions, also declined to comment on a more pressing matter: Whether he believes Tom Brady deflated footballs. ""I won't say anything bad about a [University of Michigan] quarterback."""
" Unconventional wisdom: Jim Connaughton, the former director of the White House Office of Environmental Policy under George W. Bush, made a pragmatic case for why Republicans should pursue comprehensive climate change regulation (sans carbon tax), which you can find here. Backstage he added that another carrot to the GOP could be removing oversight of revised rules from the EPA to a different government agency, such as DoE or even Treasury"
" On tap: This morning I'll be moderating a breakfast roundtable focused on clean energy investment, or the relative lack thereof. It's a high-powered group that includes Teddy Roosevelt IV (Barclays), Chris Buddin (Goldman Sachs), Pete Davidson (Aligned Intermediary), Bob Perciasepe (C2ES) and Dave Danielson (U.S. Department of Energy). If you've got questions you think I should ask, or topics to raise, pleased shoot me an email ASAP (just hit reply to Term Sheet) and I'll report back tomorrow"
"I'll also be interviewing Dan Doctoroff, the former Bloomberg exec who now leads Alphabet's Sideewalk Labs, about how technology is changing city life. Go to Fortune.com to catch the livestream at 9.25am PT."
" Clayton, Dubilier & Rice has agreed to acquire High Ridge Brands, a personal care products platform whose brands include Zest and Alberto VO5, from Brynwood Partners for approximately $415 million. Read more"
" Caribou Biosciences, a Berkeley, Calif.-based CRISPR technology company, has raised $30 million in Series B funding. Anterra Capital, Heritage Group, Maverick Capital Ventures, and Pontifax AgTech were joined by return backers F-Prime Capital Partners, Novartis, Mission Bay Capital and 5 Prime Ventures. www.cariboubio.co"
" Q4 Inc., a Toronto-based provider of SaaS investor relations and capital market solutions, has raised $22 million in Series B funding. OpenText Enterprise Apps Fund, Information Venture Partners and HarbourVest Partners, Emerillon Capital and Kensington Capital Partners were joined by return backers Plaza Ventures and Accomplice. www.q4inc.co"
" CircleCI, a San Francisco-based provider of continuous integration and continuous delivery solutions, has raised $18 million in Series B funding. Scale Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers DFJ, Baseline Ventures and Harrison Metal. www.circleci.co"
" BioSight Ltd., an Israel-based developer of “chemotherapy pro-drugs with reduced toxicity,” has raised $13 million in new VC funding. Arkin Holdings and Primera Capital co-led the round, and were joined by return backer Michael Illan Management & Investments. www.biosight-pharma.co"
" Kollective Technology (a.k.a. Kontiki), a Bend, Ore.-based enterprise video platform has raised $12.25 million in Series C funding, according to a regulatory filing. Existing investors include MK Capital, New World Ventures, Cross Creek Capital and Hatteras Funds. www.kontiki.co"
" Embroker, a San Francisco-based cloud-based risk and insurance management platform, has raised $12.2 million in Series A funding. Canaan Partners led the round, and was joined by Nyca Partners and XL Innovate. The round also includes a new debt facility from Silicon Valley Bank. www.embroker.co"
" Hundredrooms, a European vacation rental search engine, has raised €4.1 million in Series A funding. Seaya Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Inveready, Bankinter and Media Digital Ventures. Read more"
" Lucid Sight, a Los Angeles-based developer of virtual reality games, has raised $3 million in Series A funding from backers like Rana Capital Partners, Salem Partners and Jonathan Zweig (AdColony founder). Read more"
" Nift, a Boston-based invitation-only network for neighborhood businesses, has raised $3 million in VC funding co-led by Spark Capital and Accomplice. www.gonift.co"
" Teckst, a New York-based service that enables two-way text messaging for customer service teams, has raised $2.5 million in new VC funding. Backers include Composite Capital, Gaingels, Kernel Capital and Zelkova Ventures. www.teckst.co"
" Inotec AMD, a UK-based maker of mobile medical devices designed to heal chronic, hypoxic wounds, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Amadeus Capital Partners. www.inotecamd.co"
" Electrical Components International Inc., a St. Louis-based portfolio company of KPS Capital Partners, has agreed to acquire Whitepath Fab Tech Inc., an Ellijay, Ga.-based maker of control boxes, wire harnesses and assembly services to the HVAC industry. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ecintl.co"
" Hall Capital Partners has acquired 4Knines, a Glendale, Ariz.-based maker of fabric-based protective liners and seat covers for cars and trucks. No financial terms were disclosed. www.4knines.co"
" Levine Leichtman Capital Partners has acquired Pacific Handy Cutter Inc., a Costa Mesa, Calif.-based maker of specialized cutting tools and replacement blades, from American Capital. www.go-phc.co"
" New MainStream Capital has acquired Constellation Behavioral Health, a Mill Valley, Calif.-based provider of treatment programs for addiction, mental health and co-occurring behavioral health disorders. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Alpine Investors. www.constellationbehavioralhealth.co"
" REAN Cloud, an AWS managed service partner, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from TriCore Solutions and BV Investment Partners. www.reancloud.co"
" Teal Natural Resources, a Dallas-based oil and gas exploration platform, has been formed via a $125 million in private equity commitments from Pearl Energy Investments and Natural Gas Partners. www.tealnr.co"
"  Basic-Fit, a Dutch fitness center chain owned by 3i Group, is prepping an Amsterdam IPO for later this year that could value the company at around $1.1 billion. Read more"
" Cotiviti Holdings Inc., an Atlanta-based provider of payment accuracy software for the healthcare and retail sectors, has set its IPO terms to 12.5 million shares being offered at between $17 and $19 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $1.62 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol COTV, with Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan serving as lead underwriters. Cotiviti reports nearly $14 million of net income in 2015 on $541 million in revenue, compared to a $26 million loss on $441 million in revenue for 2014. It is owned by Advent International. www.cotiviti.co"
"  Gypsum Management and Supply Inc., a Tucker, Ga.-based distributor of drywall, acoustical and other specialty building materials, has set its IPO terms to 7 million shares being offered at between $21 and $23 per share. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol GMS, with Barclays and Credit Suisse serving as lead underwriters. AEA Investors holds a 54% pre-IPO equity stake in GMS. www.gms.co"
"  Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc., an Irving, Texas-based developer of protein-based antioxidant inflammation modulators for serious or life-threatening diseases, has set its IPO terms to 4 million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $300 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol RETA, with Citigroup, Cowen & Co. and Piper Jaffray serving as lead underwriters. Reata reports $296,000 in net income on $37.79 million in revenue for the first nine months of 2015. Shareholders include Abbott Labs, Cardinal Investment Company, CPMG Inc., Novo AS, StartTech Early Ventures and Kern Whalen Capital.  www.reatapharm.co"
" Madison Dearborn Partners has agreed to sell Quickplay Media Inc., a Toronto-based provider of over-the-top video solutions, to AT&T (NYSE: T). No financial terms were disclosed. www.quickplay.co"
" Owens Corning (NYSE: OC) has acquired InterWrap, a Vancouver-based maker of synthetic roofing underlayment and packaging materials, from Quad-C Management for US$450 million. www.interwrap.co"
 Barclays (LSE: BARC) has agreed to sell its precious metals storage business to ICBC Standard Bank for an undisclosed amount. Read more
" Corvex Management disclosed a 9.9% stake in Pandora Media (NYSE: P), and is asking the Internet radio company to restart efforts to find a takeover partner. Read more"
" Office Depot (Nasdaq: ODP) said that it may sell some of its European operations, in the aftermath of its failed takeover by Staples Inc. (Nasdaq: SPLS). Read more"
 Range Resources (NYSE: RRC) has agreed to acquire rival gas producer Memorial Resource Development (Nasdaq: MRD) for around $4.4 billion in stock (including $1.1 billion of assumed debt). Read more
" Breakout Labs, a Thiel Foundation project that calls itself a “funding and support mechanism for radical science companies,” is raising a venture capital fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.breakoutlabs.or"
" Geodesic Capital, a new growth-state VC firm focused on consumer and enterprise tech companies, has closed its debut fund with $335 million in capital commitments. The firm focuses on U.S.-based companies that could benefit from expanding into Japan, and was founded by John Roos (former U.S. Ambassador to Japan) and Ashvin Bachireddy (ex-Andreessen Horowitz). Limited partners include Mitsubishi Corp., Sumitomo Mitsui, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Insurance Inc., Nikon Corp., Development Bank of Japan Inc. and The Toho Bank. www.geodesiccap.co"
" KKR has agreed to expand its Pillarstone platform to acquire bad loans in Greece, per an agreement with Greek banks Alpha Bank and Eurobank. The deal also may include co-investments from the European Bank for Reconstruction. Read more"
" Post Oak Energy Capital has raised $600 million for its third private equity fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.postoakenergy.co"
" WI Harper Group, an early-stage VC firm focused on cross-border investing between the U.S. and Asia, has raised $175 million in capital commitments. www.wiharper.co"
 Norm Liang has joined WI Harper as a venture partner. He previously was head of growth at Sungy Mobile (Nasdaq: GOMO). www.wiharper.co
" Bill Stout has joined Nuveen Investments, a unit of TIAA Global Asset Management, as a managing director and head of alternative investments business development. He previously was with Corsair Capital as a managing director of business development and investor relations. www.nuveen.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from Carlsbad, where Fortune Brainstorm E wrapped up last night. You can find all of our coverage (stories plus videos) by going here. Here are some notes, before I hop a plane back east..."
" Confusing: Donald Trump had a lot to say about finance in a Reuters interview yesterday, including his opposition to most of Dodd-Frank, his desire to audit the Federal Reserve and his apparent concern that we could be in the midst of a tech stock bubble"
"On the last point, Trump's comments are fairly confounding. Check this out:"
"""You have a stock market that is very strange. Could be a little bit similar to, would you say it's nine years ago now? I guess it's sort of nine years ago. But you know, you look at some of these tech stocks that are so, so weak as a concept and a company and they're selling for so much money. And I would have said can that ever happen again? I think that could happen again... I'm talking about companies that have never made any money, that have a bad concept and that are valued at billions of dollars. So here we go again."""
"Nine years ago? Surely Trump must know that the tech stock bubble burst 15 years ago (i.e., 2001). Is he instead trying to compare the current prices of tech stocks to the 2007 prices of financial stocks (and, in particular, those involved in residential mortgages)? Even if we grant him the latter, he seems to be suggesting that a 2016 tech stock crash could result in the same sort of economic contagion that occurred nine years ago (i.e., the Great Recession)."
"Fairly bizarre given that the tech sector does not have the same type of systemic risk profile as does finance, not to mention the relatively small number of young tech companies that have gone public over the past few years (particularly when limited to companies ""that have never made any money""). Or is he including still-private ""unicorns"" ― which, if so, would make even less sense. Unfortunately, Reuters does not appear to have followed up on Trump's statements."
" New firm alert: Glasswing Ventures has launched as a new Boston-based venture capital firm focused on early-stage tech companies ""leveraging intelligent computing technologies."
"Its two managing principals ― Rudina Seseri and Rick Grinnell ― previously were partners with Fairhaven Capital. A third partner, Sarah Fay, an angel investor who previously served as CEO of Aegis Media North America."
"Seseri says that the split from Fairhaven is amicable, with her and Grinnel maintaining their existing portfolio responsibilities, but that their investment interests had simply diverged. ""We're thinking a lot about AI, and then how that's then applied to the connected world and secured,"" she says. ""IoT is fine, but the real question is what you actually do with the data."""
"She declined to comment on fundraising, but we've seen a pitchdeck that shows a $150 million target for Galsswing's debut fund, with a 2.5% management fee and 20% carried interest. It also shows that the trio reports a combined 4.25x return multiple (6x realized, 1.8x unrealized), and a gross IRR of 90%."
" Power trial: During a clean energy investment session yesterday morning at Fortune Brainstorm E, there was a lot of hand-wringing over the so-called ""valley of death"" ― the funding gap that cleantech companies often hit when trying to move their technology from lab to market"
"One contributing factor, of course, is that big energy rarely acquires startups, even though they recognize that their existing business model is heading toward obselence (particularly outside the U.S.). It's the antithesis of what we see in pharma, a sector that contains a lot of the same binary scientific risk (albeit less market adoption risk)."
"David Danielson, a former VC who now leads the DoE's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, suggested to me that the energy sector could benefit from some sort of stage trials system like the FDA has set up for pharma. Not only to confirm efficacy, but also to help establish value propositions that could encourage big corporates to engage in M&A (particularly in the continued absence of an economy-wide carbon price), thus greasing the skids for greater renewables and energy efficiency adoption. Fairly interesting idea..."
" The Orogen Group has been launched as a joint investment venture between Vikram Pandit (ex-CEO of Citigroup) and Atairos Group, a $4 billion investment unit of Comcast led by former Comcast CFO Michael Angelakis (who previously was with Providence Equity Partners). No financial terms were disclosed. Orogen will be an “operating company that will make control and other strategic investments in financial services companies and related businesses."
Pandit will serve as CEO. Orogen also disclosed two managing directors: Ruchi Madan (ex-head of strategy at Citigroup) and Shannon Bell (ex-director of corporate communications for Citigroup). www.orogengroup.com
" Bark & Co. (a.k.a. BarkBox), a New York-based maker of pet products, has raised $60 million in new VC funding. August Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers RRE Ventures and Resolute Ventures. Read more"
" Dedrone, a Germany-based civilian drone detection system, has raised $10 million in Series A funding led by Menlo Ventures. www.dedrone.co"
" Allurion Technologies, a Wellesley, Mass.-based maker of anti-obesity treatment devices, has raised $6 million in new VC funding led by Romulus Capital. Read more"
" BigPanda, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based alert correlation platform, has raised $5 million in Series B funding. Pelion Venture Partners was joined by return backers Battery Ventures, Mayfield and Sequoia Capital. www.bigpanda.co"
" Adare Group, a UK-based global marketing services company, has acquired local rival Banner Managed Communication for an undisclosed amount. Adare Group is a portfolio company of private equity firm Endless LLP. www.adare.co"
" Blue Star Sports, a Frisco, Texas-based portfolio company of Providence Equity Partners, has acquired Goalline, a Canadian provider of league management software for sports associations. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Innovacorp. www.goalline.c"
" Centauri Health Solutions Inc., a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based provider of risk adjustment software, has raised $50 million in growth equity funding from Silversmith Capital Partners. www.centaurihs.co"
" Fajr Capital has acquired Cravia Inc., a Dubai-based operator of restaurants in the Middle East under such brands as Zaatar w Zeit, Cinnabon, Seattle’s Best Coffee and Carvel. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" LLR Partners has acquired Learn It Systems, a Baltimore-based provider of behavioral health services for children with autism and other special needs, from Milestone Partners. www.learnitsystems.co"
 No IPO news this morning
" Black Knight Financial Services Inc. (NYSE: BKFS) has acquired eLynx Holdings Inc., a Cincinnati-based SaaS platform for document and data collaboration and lender compliance for the mortgage industry, from American Capital. The deal is valued at $115 million. www.elynx.co"
" Investcorp has hired William Blair and Barclays to find a buyer for Polyconcept, a Dutch provider of promotional products, according to Reuters. The deal could be worth around $1.3 billion, including debt. Read more"
" Seabury Human Capital has acquired a minority stake in Rainmaker Business Technologies Ltd., an Ireland-based maker of airline operations cost management software. No financial terms were disclosed. Seabury also has an option to buy a majority stake in Rainmaker from Investec Ventures. www.seaburygroup.co"
" GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE: GDDY) has agreed to acquire FreedomVoice, an Encinitas, Calif.-based provider of communications solutions for small businesses, for up to $47 million (including $42m in upfront cash). www.freedomvoice.co"
 Goldman Sachs reportedly is considering a sale of its Australian equities and fixed income businesses. Read more
" HC2 Holdings, an investment group led by Phil Falcone, has submitted an unsolicited $1.04 billion takeover offer for The Andersons (Nasdaq: ANDE), a Maumee, Ohio-based ethanol producer and grain processing company. The $37 per share bid represents around a 42.6% premium over yesterday’s closing price. Read more"
" Midea Group (SZSE: 000333), a Chinese maker of home appliances, has offered to acquire German industrial robot maker Kuka AG (DB: KU2) for approximately $5 billion. Read more"
" Mekong Capital, a Vietnam-based private equity firm, has closed its fourth fund with $122 million in capital commitments (compared to a $150m target). Read more"
" Warburg Pincus is opening an office in Singapore, its fifth in Asia. It will be led by managing director Jeffrey Perlman, who is relocating from Hong Kong. www.warburgpincus.co"
 Takeshi Fukushima has joined BlackRock as a managing director and chief investment officer. He previously was with Tokyo-based GI Capital Management. Read more
 Adrian Kerley has agreed to join Australia’s Commonwealth Super Corp. as head of its private equity portfolio. He previously was with Champ Ventures. Read more
" Jefferies has hired a group of former Credit Suisse technology bankers: William Brady, who will be vice chair of Jefferies and chair of tech banking; Cully Davis, vice chair of equity capital markets; Cameron Lester, global co-head of tech investment banking; and John Metz and Steve West as managing directors. Read more"
" Susan Schwab, the former U.S. Trade Representative under George W. Bush, has joined the advisory board of Perella Weinberg Partners. She currently teaches at the University of Maryland’s School of Public Policy, and sits of the boards of directors at Boeing Co., Caterpillar Inc., FedEx Corp. and Marriott International Inc. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from the home office, where it's good to be back after several days out west. Some notes to kick off your National Devil's Food Cake Day (seriously, I'm not making these up):"
" * New firm alert #1: There was a report yesterday that Tim Franks is planning to step down as head of European retail investing at Advent International, where he also serves as a London-based managing director"
"It's true, but we've also got a bit more info: Franks is planning to launch a new firm focused on mid-market European retail buyouts, with a target capitalization of around 500 million euros. It seems to be an amicable split, with Franks remaining at Advent through the end of next month. He has not yet officially hired anyone for his new shop ― nor picked a name ― but has begun meeting with a handful of limited partners (which is why you're reading about it here)."
"Franks originally joined Advent in 1999, and in 2010 moved to New York to open and lead the firm's office there. He returned to London in 2013, and has worked on such deals as BOS Solutions, DFS Furniture, Domestic & General, Equiniti, Fat Face, Poundland, Skillsoft and Sportfive."
" New firm alert #2: Liberty Mutual has launched a strategic corporate VC arm that will focus on early-stage companies at the intersection of technology and services for the insurance industry. It’s $150 million, and under the umbrella of the insurance giant’s personal insurance business unit"
"“We’ll have three core focus areas,” says Russ MacTough, a managing director with Liberty Mutual Strategic Ventures. “The connected home, next-generation vehicles and the on-demand economy.” For example, Liberty Mutual Strategic Ventures has quietly invested in smart-lock company August."
"MacTough adds that the group’s goal is to invest between $1 million and $5 million per deal (usually as a co-investor), which could range from institutional seed rounds through Series B."
"In addition to MacTough, who previously was a VP with Morgan Partners, the group’s team includes managing director and Liberty Mutual vet Dan Robinson, associate Josh Cohen (also from Liberty Mutual) and senior analyst Annabel Ye (ex-Progress Partners)."
 Today in Theranos: It can't get worse than this. Can it
" Field of Dreams: We need a few more players for our charity softball game at Fenway Park, which will take place on Tuesday, June 28. It's not cheap, but an amazing experience and for a very good cause. If you'd like more info, just let me know at dan_primack@fortune.com"
"   62k  and counting... Every time I add another thousand Twitter followers, I ask you to join the others so we can chat/argue/joke throughout the day. Follow me @danprimack"
" Monsanto (NYSE: MON) said that it has received a preliminary takeover offer from Bayer AG (DB: BAYN), without disclosing financial details. Monsanto has a current market cap of approximately $42 billion. Read more"
" Personal Capital, a San Francisco-based digital wealth management firm, has secured $75 million in Series E funding from IGM Financial Inc. at a post-money valuation of around $500 million. www.personalcapital.co"
" Showpad, a San Francisco-based content activation platform, has raised $50 million in Series C funding. Insight Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Dawn Capital and Hummingbird Ventures. www.showpad.co"
" ThoughtSpot, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based provider of “search-driven analytics in the enterprise,” has raised $50 million in Series C funding. General Catalyst and Geodesic Capital were joined by return backers Lightspeed Venture Partners and Khosla Ventures. www.thoughtspot.co"
" Afero, a Los Altos, Calif.-based IoT-as-a-service platform, has raised $20.3 million in Series A fundiung. Samsung Catalyst Fund led the round, and was joined by Fenox Venture Capital, SoftBank, Presidio Ventures, Sanshin Electronics Co. and Assembly Partners. Read more"
" DriveScale, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based provider of “hyperscale computing capabilities to mainstream enterprises,” has raised $15 million in Series A funding. Backers include Pelion Venture Partners, Nautilus Venture Partners and Ingrasys, a wholly owned subsidiary of Foxconn with which DriveScale also announced a manufacturing partnership. www.drivescale.co"
" RedPoint Global, a Wellesley, Mass.-based provider of customer engagement and data management software, has raised $12 million in Series C funding co-led by Grotech Ventures and WP Global Partners. www.redpoint.ne"
" Shift Technology, a SaaS platform to help insurers detect claims fraud, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Accel led the round, and was joined by return backers Elaia Partners and Iris Capital. Read more"
" Tink, a Sweden-based mobile banking app, has raised $10 million in Series B funding co-led by Creades and SEB Venture Capital. Read more"
" 6SensorLabs, a maker of food allergy testing devices, has raised $9.2 million in Series A funding. Foundry Group led the round, and was joined by Upfront Ventures, SoftTech VC, SK Ventures, Lemnos Labs, Mitch Kapor and Matt Rogers. www.6sensorlabs.co"
" Chime, a San Francisco-based mobile bank account provider, has raised $9 million in new VC funding led by Aspect Ventures. www.chimecard.co"
" BeMyEye, a London-based mobile task crowdsourcing app, has raised €6.5 million in Series B funding from Nauta Capital, P101 and return backers 360 Capital Partners. It also has acquired French rival LocalEyes for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
" Dojo Madness, a virtual eSports coaching app, has raised $4.5 million in Series A funding. March Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by the Investment Bank of Berlin and return backers DN Capital and London Venture Partners. Read more"
" Renew Financial, an Oakland, Calif.-based provider of “affordable financing for renewable energy and energy efficiency projects,” has raised an undisclosed amount of new funding from Braemar Energy Ventures. This follows a recent $70 million growth equity financing for Renew Financial from Apollo Capital Management, Claremont Creek Ventures, Angeleno Group, LL Funds, Prelude Ventures and NGEN Partners. www.renewfinancial.co"
" ABRY Partners has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Oliver Street Dermatology Holdings LLC, a Dallas-based dermatology practice management organization. No financial terms were disclosed. www.abry.co"
" AMP Capital and Northleaf Capital Partners have agreed to acquire Chicago Downtown Public Parking System, the largest U.S. underground parking system, for $370 million. Read more"
" Berkley Capital has acquired Corporate Imaging Concepts LLC, a Northbrook, Ill.-based distributor of promotional products, from Cardinal Equity Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.corp-imaging.co"
" The Blackstone Group is a shortlisted bidder for the hardware operations of Australian retailer Woolworths (ASX: WOW), namely the Masters retail chain and its property portfolio, according to a local media report. Read more"
" Genstar Capital has acquired Accruent, an Austin, Texas-based provider of real estate, facilities and asset management software. No financial terms were disclosed, although the WSJ reports an enterprise value of between $500 million and $750 million. Sellers include TA Associates and Vista Equity Partners. www.accruent.co"
" Harvest Partners has recapitalized Advanced Dermatology & Cosmetic Surgery, a Maitland, Fla.-based dermatology practice with over 140 locations. Previous sponsor Audax Private Equity will retain a minority equity stake, alongside company management. No financial terms were disclosed, although the WSJ reports a sale price in excess of $600 million. www.advancedderm.co"
" KKR and Fajr Capital have teamed on a takeover bid for National Food Products, an Abu Dhabi-based food and dairy manufacturer that could be valued at around $1.5 billion, according to Reuters. Other bidders include Saudi dairy company Almarai. Read more"
" Prospect Partners and Expansion Capital Partners has sponsored a management-led recapitalization of Waste Harmonics, a Victor, N.Y.-based provider of outsourced waste management services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.wasteharmonics.co"
" Yum Brands (NYSE: YUM), owner of the Pizza Hut and KFC chains, has shortlisted bidders for around a 20% stake its China business (which, in total, is believed to be valued at between $8 billion and $11 billion, according to Reuters. The remaining suitors include a joint offer from KKR and China Investment Corp., a solo bid from Singapore’s Temasek Holdings and a third, unidentified private equity consortium. Read more"
" Grupo Supervielle SA, an Argentinian bank with around $3 billion in assets under management, raised $281 million in its IPO. The company priced 25.5 million American depository shares at $11 per share, compared to plans to offer 20.8 million shares at between $11 and $13. It will trade on both the NYSE and the MERVAL, while Morgan Stanley and BofA Merrill Lynch served as co-lead underwriters. www.gruposupervielle.com.a"
" Merus BV, a Dutch immuno-oncology company focused on bispecific antibody therapeutics, raised $55 million in its IPO. The company priced 5.5 million shares at $10 per share, compared to original plans to offer 4.33 million shares at between $14 and $16 per share. The company will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol MRUS, while Citigroup and Jefferies served as lead underwriters. Merus had raised over $170 million in VC funding (which is more than its initial public market cap of $158m) from firms like Novartis Bioventures (13.7% pre-IPO stake), Bay City Capital (13.7%), Aglaia Oncology Fund (11%), Johnson & Johnson (10.6%), Pfizer Inc. (9.1%), Sofinnova Venture Partners (8.2%), Novo AS (7.8%), Baker Brothers Life Sciences (7.2%) and Cooperatief LSP (6.8%).  www.merus.n"
" PhaseRx Inc., a Seattle-based developer of products for the treatment of inherited enzyme deficiencies in the, raised $19 million in its IPO. The pre-revenue company priced 3.7 million shares at $5 per share (low end of $5-$7 range), and will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol PZRX. Laidlaw & Co. and Roth Capital served as underwriters. Shareholders include 5AM Ventures, Alexandria Equities, Arch Venture Partners, Savoy Therapeutics and Versant Ventures. www.phaserx.co"
" Pulse Biosciences, a Burlingame, Calif.-based developer of solid tumor treatments that are based on pulsed electric fields, raised $20 million in its IPO. The company priced 5 million shares at $4 per share, and will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol PLSE. MDB Capital Group and Feltl & Co. served as underwriters. www.pulsebiosciences.co"
" FitBit (NYSE: FIT) has acquired Coin, a San Francisco-based smart credit card maker, for an undisclosed amount. Coin had raised around $17 million in VC funding, from firms like Redpoint Ventures, Sherpa Ventures, Spark Capital, K5 Ventures and SoftTechVC. Read more"
" H.I.G. Capital has hired William Blair & Co. to find a buyer for Zmarta Group, a pan-European consumer loan broker that could be valued at more than $150 million, according to eFinancial News. Read more"
" Onex Corp. has relaunched an auction process for Carestream Health, a Rochester, N.Y.-based medical imaging company that could be valued at more than $3 billion (including debt), according to Reuters. Onex had originally tried to sell Carestream in 2013, but ended the process after private equity bids came in too low. This new process includes a possible breakup of the company, with Goldman Sachs hired to sell Carestream’s film and digital medical imaging business, and Jefferies hired to find a buyer for its dental imaging business. Read more"
"TPG Capital has agreed to sell LifeStorage LP, a Roseville, Calif.-based self-storage facilities owner, to Sovran Self Storage Inc. (NYSE: SSS) for around $1.3 billion in cash. Read more"
" Charter Communications has completed its acquisitions of Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks, which were valued at a combined $67.1 billion. Read more"
" Smartling, a New York-based provider of cloud-based enterprise translation software, has acquired VerbalizeIt, a New York-based provider of human-powered translation services. No financial terms were disclosed. Smartling has raised over $60 million in VC funding from firms like ICONIQ Capital, First Round Capital, Harmony Partners, IDG Ventures, Tenaya Capital, U.S. Venture Partners and Venrock. VerbalizeIt had raised seed funding via Shark Tank"
 e.ventures has raised $150 million for its latest fund focused on early-stage European companies. Read more
" The Council for Investor Rights and Corporate Accountability has been launched as a Washington, D.C.-based lobbying group for activist investors. Read more"
" Mark Wiseman is stepping down as president and CEO of the CPP Investment Board, in order to join BlackRock as a senior managing director, member of the global executive committee and head of BlackRock’s global active equity business. He also will chair the firm’s global investment committee. www.blackrock.co"
" HgCapital, a London-based private equity firm, has promoted both Amanda Good and Sebastien Briens to partner. The firm also has hired Florian Wolff (ex-Advent International) as a Munich-based director, and Enrico Grasso (ex-KKR) as a London-based member of the firm’s TMT team. www.hgcapital.co"
 Yi Luo has joined CVC Capital Partners as a partner and head of its China business. He previously was with The Blackstone Group. www.cvc.co
" Kim VanCleef has joined Quarton International, an investment bank focused on the middle markets, as a vice president. She previously was a principal with Altus Capital Partners. www.quartoninternational.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some notes to kick off your Friday:
" As easy as A... B Capital, a cross-border venture capital firm led by Eduardo Saverin (co-founder of Facebook) and Raj Ganguly (ex-Bain Capital), said in a regulatory filing that it has secured nearly $144 million in capital commitments for its debut fund"
"We've obtained an email sent to limited partners, which says that this first close represents 60% of the fund's target, which suggests a total fundraising goal of $240 million. Moreover, it identifies the first close's limited partners as: The Boston Consulting Group (whose BCG Digital Ventures unit also is providing operational help), Monitor Capital, Saverin's family office and individual partners at Bain Capital."
The fund so far has made two investments ― in Ninja Van and Evidation Health ― and has added former Comcast Ventures investor Gavin Teo as its third partner.
"No mention in the letter about the recent Jumio debacle, however..."
" That's So Maven: There's a lot of M&A buzz this morning over a WSJ report that bids for Yahoo's core business are expected to come in at between $2 billion and $3 billion, with formal second-round offers due the first week of June. As had previously been reported, suitors include Verizon, TPG Capital, Dan Gilbert (with a possible financing assist from Warren Buffett) and a private equity pairing of Bain Capital with Vista Equity Partners (alongside former interim Yahoo CEO Ross Levinsohn)"
But here is an odd passage from the story:
"As recently as April, people close to the process said Yahoo’s core business would likely go for between $4 billion and $8 billion. Some offers could still be above the $2 billion-to-$3 billion range, other people said, and it is generally in the interest of bidders to play down their enthusiasm in an auction."
"It is certainly true that prospective buyers try to drive down price talk, and good on WSJ for calling out the possible snooker. But, oddly, the story contains no similar disclaimer about the original $4 billion to $8 billion price talk, which almost certainly was coming from the sell-side."
" Getting bigger slower: The global private equity industry’s assets under management is expected to reach $4.6 trillion by 2020, according to a new forecast from the Deloitte Center for Financial Services. That sounds huge, but actually represents slowed growth. Since the end of 2005, private equity AUM has climbed at a 14% compounded annual rate That $4.6 trillion by 202 figure would represent 5.2% growth"
 Waddya know? Just  a  reminder that you always can send me info anonymously by using our double super secret tip button. Just go here. I'm also on Confide (just lookup dan_primack@fortune.com)
 Have a great weekend
" Kateeva, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based maker of production equipment for OLED displays, has raised $88 million in Series E funding. The deal included a number of new investors from China: BOE, Cybernaut Venture, GP Capital Shanghai, Redview Capital and TCL Capital. Return backers included Samsung Venture Investment Corp., Sigma Partners, Spark Capital, Madrone Capital Partners, DBL Partners, New Science Ventures and VEECO Instruments Inc. www.kateeva.co"
" Krossover, a New York-based sports video analytics company, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. RSE Ventures led the round, and was joined by Lyrical Partners and Admiral Capital Group. Read more"
" Kite Hill, a Hayward, Calif.-based developer of plant-based alternatives to dairy products like cream cheese and yogurts, has raised $18 million in new funding co-led by CAVU Venture Partners and General Mills’ 301 Inc. www.kite-hill.co"
" Tally Technologies, a San Francisco-based mobile app for managing credit, has raised $15 million in Series A funding. Shasta Ventures led the round, and was joined by seed backers Cowboy Ventures and AITV. Read more"
" Bloomfire, an Austin, Texas-based platform for sharing information among employees, has raised $12.8 million in Series B funding from Austin Ventures. www.bloomfireco"
" Staq, a New York-based automated reporting and integrations platform for the digital advertising market, has raised $5 million in new VC funding. Pereg Ventures led the round, and was joined by Core Capital, Genecast, Kinetic Ventures and Revel Partners. www.staq.co"
" Empire Genomics, a Buffalo, N.Y.-based molecular diagnostics company, has raised $1.75 million in new VC funding from return backers BroadOak Capital Partners and Rand Capital Corp. www.empiregenomics.co"
" Terramera, a Vancouver-based provider of plant-based alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides and fertilizers, has raised an undisclosed amount of VC funding from Seed 2 Growth Ventures, ACA Investments (unit of Sumitomo Corp.), Bold Capital Partners, Renewal Funds and Maumee Ventures. www.terramera.co"
" Virtual Health, a New York-based population health management platform, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding led by Edison Partners. www.virtualhealth.co"
" Actis has made an investment in Mundiapolis University, a private university in Morocco. No financial terms were disclosed. www.act.i"
" AE Industrial Partners has acquired AC&A LLC, a Lake Forest, Calif.-based manufacturer of composite and metallic parts and tooling. No financial terms were disclosed. www.aeroequity.co"
" APCT Holdings, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based printed circuit board maker owned by Saugatuck Capital, has acquired Charlotte, N.C.-based Tech Circuits Inc. and its sister company Source Technologies Inc. No financial terms were disclosed, except that debt financing was provided by existing APCT lenders Amalgamated Bank and Greyrock Capital. www.apctinc.co"
" Cinven is considering a takeover bid for Restaurant Group PLC (LSE: RTN), the UK-based owner of the Frankie & Benny’s chain, according to Sky News. Restaurant Group shares rose more than 30% on the report, giving the company a market cap of around $1.04 billion. TA Associates also reportedly is circling the chain. Read more"
" Grakon LLC, a Seattle-based lighting and electronics products company owned by Industrial Growth Partners, has acquired Ontario-based Hamsar Diversco Inc. for an undisclosed amount. www.grakon.co"
" Mediaocean, an advertising software company owned by Vista Equity Partners, has acquired ColSpace, a New York-based provider of collaborative media-planning software in the cloud. No financial terms were disclosed. www.mediaocean.co"
" Pfingsten Partners has acquired Oliver Printing Co., a Twinsburg, Ohio-based manufacturer of marketing collateral, packaging and POP displays. No financial terms were disclosed. www.oliverprinting.co"
" Phoenix Brands, the bankrupt owner of household products brands like Fab and Ajax, has reached a debtor-in-possession financing agreement with Madison Capital Funding, agent for its secured lenders, to continue operations. The company, which had been owned by private equity firm Lincolnshire Management, also announced agreements to sell its U.S. laundry assets to A.P. Deauville, its Arctic Power and ABC brands to private equity-backed Lavo Inc. and its Rit Dye unit to Silver Swan Capital. www.phoenixbrandsllc.co"
" Polaris Private Equity has acquired Akademikliniken, a Sweden-based provider of cosmetic and reconstructive surgeries, from Valedo Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ak.s"
" US Foods, an Illinois-based foodservice giant owned by Claytron Dubilier & Rice, has added acquired Freshway Foods, a fresh produce processor, packager and distributor. No financial terms were disclosed. US Foods is in registration for an IPO"
 No IPO news this morning
" Acadia Healthcare Co. (Nasdaq: ACHC) has acquired Nevada-based Polaris Hospital Holdings and its wholly-owned subsidiary, TrustPoint Hospital in Murfreesboro, Tenn., from HCP & Co. No financial terms were disclosed. www.hcpcompany.co"
" Brentwood Associates has hired Lazard to help find a buyer for Sundance Holdings Group LLC, a Salt Lake City-based artisan mail-order catalog company founded by actor Robert Redford, according to Reuters. The company could be worth upwards of $300 million. Read more"
" The Jordan Co. has hired Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse to find a buyer for Sensus USA, a Raleigh, N.C.-based provider of smart meters, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at upwards of $1.7 billion. Read more"
" FMC Technologies Inc. (NYSE: FTI) has agreed to a $13 billion merger with Technip (Paris: TEC), after which each oil services company’s shareholders would hold around nearly 50% in the combined business. Read more"
" Zhejiang Geely Holding Group, which owns London Taxi Co., has raised $400 million via a green bond offering, in order to electrify its fleet. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group is raising its sixth Asia-focused growth equity fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.carlyle.co"
" Dan and Paul Bragiel, partners with I/O Ventures, are raising $10 million for a new VC fund called Bragiel Brothers I, according to a regulatory filing"
" Bill Frezza, a former general partner with VC firm Adams Capital Management, has joined boutique merchant bank J. Locke & Co. as a partner. www.jlockeco.co"
" Jungle Ventures, a Singapore-based VC firm, has named three new operating partners: Gabriel Lundberg (ex-Spotify), Michael Smith (ex-HOOQ) and Tiang Lim Foo (ex-Evernote). Read more"
" Bao Yi, the head of Morgan Stanley Huaxin Securities Co., a joint venture between Morgan Stanley and China International Capital Corp., is stepping down to form his own investment firm, according to the WSJ. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"As many of you know, one of my non-Term Sheet roles at Fortune is to co-chair Fortune Brainstorm Tech, our annual gathering of the technology world’s most influential executives, investors and thinkers. This year’s event takes place July 11-13 at the Aspen Institute campus in Colorado, the perfect spot for deep conversations about the technologies that are changing our world ― and the consequences of those changes. It also makes a pretty nice backdrop for those watching the sessions that we livestream at Fortune.com."
"We'll be announcing the names of Brainstorm Tech participants over the next month or so, and wanted to get the ball rolling today. You can go here to view the first group of announced participants. But, for the purposes of this space, I wanted to highlight some of the ""Term Sheet types"" who will be joining us for various interviews and sessions:"
"Yuri Milner, founder of Breakthrough Initiatives, Bill Maris, CEO of Google Ventures, David Trujillo, partner with TPG Capital, Jim Breyer, founder of Breyer Capital, Jenny Lee, a partner with GGV Capital, Megan Quinn, a partner with Spark Capital, Scott Sandell, co-managing partner of NEA, Jennifer Fonstad, partner with Aspect Ventures, Jeff Fagnan, partner with Accomplice, Veronica Wu, president of CSC Venture Capital, Steve Herrod, partner with General Catalyst, and Ann Miura-Ko, partner with Floodgate. Plus Peggy Johnson, executive VP of business development at Microsoft."
"For much more on Fortune Brainstorm Tech, please visit our event page."
" Personnel move: Jared Fliesler is planning to leave Matrix Partners, where he currently is a general partner in the VC firm's Silicon Valley office. He had joined Matrix in early 2013, after product stints with Square and Google (via its acquisition of Slide)"
"In an email, Fliesler tells Fortune that he's in the midst of wrapping things up with Matrix (including transitioning board seats), and that he plans to do some travel before going back into an operating role."
" Ares Capital Corp. (Nasdaq: ARCC) has agreed to acquire American Capital Ltd. (Nasdaq: ACAS), creating a combined company with more than $13 billion in investments under management (through March 31)"
"Ares will pay around $3.43 billion, or $14.95 per fully diluted share, for American Capital – save for the American Capital Mortgage Management business, which is being sold in a separate transaction to American Capital Agency Corp. (Nasdaq: AGNC) for $562 million ($2.42 per fully diluted share). Read more."
" Saguna Networks, an Israel-based provider of mobile edge computing solutions, has raised $5 million in new VC funding led by CE Ventures. www.saguna.ne"
" Rock Pamper Scissors, a London-based hairdresser booking app, has raised £1.2 million in seed funding from 500 Startups and Seedcamp. Read more"
" 10bis, an online food ordering marketplace and payment platform in Israel, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from TA Associates. www.10bis.co.i"
" Advent International, BC Partners and KKR are among those circling the Central and Eastern European beer assets of SABMiller (LSE: SAB), which include Pilsner Urquell, according to Bloomberg. The assets could be valued at around $5 billion, with SABMiller divesting as part of its proposed takeover by AB InBev. Read more"
" Alita Care LLC, a portfolio company of Kohlberg & Co., has completed its previously-announced acquisition of The Meadows of Wickenburg LP, a Wickenburg, Ariz.-based addiction rehabilitation center, from American Capital. According to an earlier Dow Jones report, the deal is valued at around $180 million, with The Meadows recording approximately $15 million in 2015 EBITDA. American Capital reports receiving $97 million in proceeds from the sale. www.themeadows.co"
" Cendyn, a Boca Raton, Fla.-based provider of sales and marketing performance software for the travel and hospitality industry, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Accel-KKR. www.cendyn.co"
" CHG Healthcare Services Inc., a Salt Lake City-based hospital staffing company, is refinancing its debt via an issuance of $1.37 billion in new notes ― including $990 million in first-lien loans, $300 million second-lien and a $75 million revolving credit facility ― in a deal that will include $525 million in dividends paid out to sponsors Ares Management and Leonard Green & Partners. Read more. www.chghealthcare.co"
" MidOcean Partners has acquired the assets of Travelpro Group, a provider of luggage and travel accessories. The deal includes both Travelpro International (based in Florida) and Holiday Group (based in Montreal). No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, Borealis Capital and Manulife Capital. www.travelpro.co"
" Permira has agreed to acquire a majority stake in New York-based salon and haircare products company John Masters Organics Inc., plus Styla Inc., the exclusive distributor of John Masters products in Japan and East Asia, for approximately $336 million. www.johnmasters.co"
" Safe Fleet, a Belton, Mo.-based portfolio company of The Sterling Group, has acquired Rear View Safety, a Brooklyn, N.Y.-based provider of back-up camera systems and video-based road safety solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.safefleet.ne"
" Sun Capital Partners has acquired Admiral Petroleum Co. & Lemmen Oil Co., a Coopersville, Mich.-based gas station and convenience store business. No financial terms were disclosed with 139 branded locations. www.suncappart.co"
"  Freeport-McMoRan Oil & Gas, a Houston-based oil and gas E&P spinoff of Freeport-McMoRan (NYSE: FCX) has withdrawn registration for a $100 million IPO that, at the time of its June 2015 filing, was estimated to ultimately seek to raise upwards of $1 billion. It had planned to trade on the NYSE with Barclays serving as sole underwriter. Read more"
" Viamet Pharmaceuticals Holdings, a Durham, N.C.-based developer of inhibitors of validated metalloenzymes, has withdrawn registration for an IPO that was to have sold 5.7 million shares at between $14 and $16 per share. No explanation was provided This is the second time that Viamet has pulled a proposed IPO, having previously done so in 2014. The company has raised over $150 million in VC funding from firms like Novartis Bioventures (12.9% pre-IPO stake), Lilly Ventures (11.3%), Hatteras Venture Partners (7.8%) and Intersouth Partners (6.3%). www.viamet.co"
" Court Square Capital Partners has agreed to sell Wyle Inc., an El Segundo, Calif.-based provider of engineering, professional and technical and scientific services to the U.S. federal government, to KBR Inc. (NYSE: KBR). The deal is valued at $570 million (after being adjusted for $30m in tax benefits). www.wyle.co"
" Silver Lake and TPG Capital have hired Goldman Sachs to find a buyer for Avaya Inc., a Santa Clara, Calif.-based maker of telecom equipment, according to Reuters. Avaya has been in registration for an IPO since 2011, and currently has around a $6 billion debt load. The sale price, per Reuters, could be between $6 billion and $10 billion (including the debt). Read more"
" Bayer AG (DB: BAYN) said that it has offered to purchase Monsanto (NYSE: MON) for $62 billion (including debt), or $122 per share (37% premium to where Monsanto stock was trading before press reports of a possible bid). Read more"
" Aixtron SE (DB:AIXA), a German provider of semiconductor equipment, has agreed to be acquired for €670 million by a group of Chinese investors led by the Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund. Read more"
" Anthem (NYSE: ANTM) and rival health insurer Cigna (NYSE: CI) are engaged in a series of backroom squabbles that could jeopardize their existing merger agreement, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Apprenda, a Troy, N.Y.-based software development platform, has agreed to acquire Kismatic, a San Francisco-based provider of software container management solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. Apprenda has raised around $56 million in VC funding, from firms like NEA, Ignition Partners, Data Collective and Safeguard Scientifics. Kismatic had been seeded by the Runway Incubator and Ethelbert Williams and Center Electric. Read more"
" ANZ Banking Group (ASX: ANZ) is considering a sale of all or part of its life insurance and pension product development business, which could be valued at upwards of A$4 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" CF Industries Holdings (NYSE: CF) has terminated its $8 billion agreement to purchase the U.S. and European assets of Dutch fertilizer maker OCI NV (Amsterdam: OVI), citing new U.S. rules on tax inversion transactions. Read more"
" HelloTech, a Los Angeles-based provider of in-home tech support, has merged with Walnut Creek, Calif.-based rival Geekatoo. HelloTech has raised around $17 million in VC funding from firms like Madrona Venture Group, Upfront Ventures, CrossCut Ventures and Accel. Geekatoo had raised around $2 million in VC funding from groups like 500 Startups and ChinaRock Capital. Read more"
" Tencent is in talks to acquire a majority stake in Supercell, the Finnish gaming company whose titles include Clash of Clans, according to the WSJ. Supercell is currently majority-owned by Softbank. Read more"
" Tribune Publishing (NYSE: TPUB) has rejected Gannett Co.’s (NYSE: GCI) revised $864 million takeover proposal, but has agreed to share certain confidential financial information with Gannett. Read more"
" AlpInvest Partners has secured $1.5 billion in capital commitments for its latest private equity secondaries fund, which is seeking a total of $2 billion in traditional LP commitments, according to Dow Jones. The firm, now owned by The Carlyle Group, also plans to raise another $4 billion via managed account relationships. Read more"
" Harmony Partners, a New York-based private equity firm focused on Series B and later rounds, has closed its third fund with $105 million in capital commitments. www.harmonyvp.co"
" OrbiMed has closed its second VC fund focused on Israeli healthcare companies, with around $307 million in capital commitments. www.orbimed.co"
" The Carlyle Group on Friday announced the pending departure of Mitch Petrick, the firm’s head of global market strategies, who will become a senior advisor to Carlyle and launch his own investment management company. He will be succeeded by Kewsong Lee, who also will maintain his role as deputy chief investment officer for global private equity. Carlyle also said that energy and natural resources investing chief Kenneth Hersh will move into a deputy chief investment officer in the business, following his recent appointment as president and CEO of the George W. Bush Presidential Center. Glenn Youngkin, Carlyle’s president and COO, now will also oversee the energy and natural resources group. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some quick notes to kick off your National Scavenger Hunt Day:
" Leaving London: We still don't know if Brexit will become anything more lasting than a clever word combo (the geopolitical equivalent of Bennifer), but private equity firms aren't taking any chances. Several firms are preparing for a UK departure from the EU, which could strip certain pan-European benefits (e.g., AIFM passports) from firms that base some of their fund structures and compliance operations in London"
"Dow Jones, for example, reports that KKR is planning to move certain compliance staff to Ireland or mainland Europe in the case of a pro-Brexit vote. And then there was this comment to Bloomberg from Thomas van Koch, managing partner of Sweden-based EQT Partners: ""Our industry hates uncertainty and we haven’t opened a fund there since the vote was announced... The U.K. is on ice for us."""
"Is your firm taking steps to prepare for a possible Brexit? Or do you think it's overblown? Either way, please let me know."
" New firm alert: Marc Michel is quietly moving on from Metamorphic Ventures, the New York-based VC firm he co-founded in 2006. His plan is to launch a new firm called Runway Venture Partners, which will raise a fund focused on seed extension rounds (i.e., providing more runway). He'll continue to manage out Metamorphic's two existing funds, but will not participate on any future funds (which will be led by co-founder David Hirsch)"
" Coming attractions: Andreessen Horowitz is expecting LP commitments (non-friends/family) for its fifth flagship fund (including an opportunities sidecar) by the second week of June, according to a source familiar with the process. The firm is seeking a total of around $1.5 billion, which is the same as it raised back in 2014, and all signs point toward a full subscription (if not an oversubscription)"
" Hey grandma: Saw a press release this morning from AIG about how it's now providing crowdfunding investor insurance. Haven't dug into the details yet, but I'd expect this to become widespread.."
" Quiz Time: Can you identify the big secondaries direct sale that it being complicated by a former manager of the seller (and, more specifically, how the seller doesn't want him involved with the buyer)"
" Building a different wall: There was a lot of consternation last week at Fortune Brainstorm E, when word came down that presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump would seek to ""renegotiate"" the Paris climate accord. Many of the attendees believed that Paris was vital to the renewable energy sector -- not only because of its specific requirements, but also because  it was a rare show of global consensus"
"Trump, of course, has publicly suggested that global warming is a hoax thought up by the Chinese government to harm U.S. manufacturers. In his business life, however, Trump has a decidedly different opinion. Specifically, he has applied for zoning approval to build a seawall at his Ireland golf course, due to “global warming and its effects” (per Politico). Not sure this will make the Brainstorm E attendees feel too much better, but at least they now know that Trump's climate change position is little more than political posturing..."
" Behrman Capital has agreed to sell Data Device Corp., a Bohemia, N.Y.-based provider of connectivity, power, and control solutions for aerospace, defense and industrial applications, from Transdigm Group Inc. (NYSE: TDG) for approximately $1 billion. www.ddc-web.co"
" Clover Health, a San Francisco-based health insurance startup, has raised $165 million in Series C funding. Greenoaks Capital led the round, and was joined by AME Cloud Ventures, Casdin Capital, Floodgate, Nexus Ventures, Refactor Capital, Spark Capital and return backers Arena Ventures, First Round Capital, Sequoia Capital, Social Capital and Wildcat Ventures. Read more"
" vArmour, a Mountain View, Calif.-based provider of multi-cloud enterprise security solutions, has raised $41 million in Series D funding. Backers include Redline Capital and Australia’s Telstra. Read more"
" SigFig, a San Francisco-based wealth management technology company, has raised $33 million in new equity funding. Eaton Vance Corp. led the round, and was joined by New York Life, Santander, UBS, InnoVentures, Bain Capital Ventures, DCM Ventures, Nyca Partners and Union Square Ventures. The company also secured $7 million in new debt funding from Comerica Bank. www.sigfig.co"
" Agari, a San Mateo, Calif.-based provider of email and other cybersecurity solutions, has raised $22 million in Series D funding. Norwest Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Greylock Partners, Alloy Ventures, Battery Ventures, First Round, Scale Venture Partners and Scott Baninster. Read more"
" Apixio Inc., a San Mateo, Calif.-based data science company for healthcare, has raised $19.3 million in Series D funding. SSM Partners led the round, and was joined by First Analysis and Bain Capital Ventures. www.apixio.co"
" NuTomy, a Cambridge, Mass.-based MIT spinout focused on self-driving taxis, has raised $16 million in Series A funding. Highland Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by EDBI (Singapore), Fontinalis Partners, Signal Ventures and Samsung Ventures. Read more"
" Entelo, a San Francisco-based provider of “enterprise software for data-driven recruiting,” has raised $12 million in Series B funding. Shasta Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backer Battery Ventures. www.entelo.co"
" Konfio, an online Mexican lending platform, has raised $8 million in new VC funding. Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund led the round, and was joined by Quona Capital, QED Investors, Kaszek Ventures, and Jaguar Ventures. www.konfio.m"
" TourRadar, an Austria-based online marketplace for multi-day travel tours, has raised $6 million in VC funding. Cherry Ventures and Hoxton Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by AWS Founders Fund and Speedinvest. Read more"
" Sensifree, a Cupertino, Calif-based developer of electromagnetic sensors for collecting continuous biometric data without touching the human body, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. TransLink Capital led the round, and was joined by UMC Capital and an undisclosed strategic investor. www.sensifree.co"
"Take The Interview, a New York-based provider of cloud-based interview management solutions, has raised $5 million in Series B funding. 3TS Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers StarVest Partners and Rittenhouse Ventures. www.taketheinterview.com"
" Jirnexu (f.k.a. Saving Plus), a Malaysia-based provider of customer acquisition technology solutions, has raised $3 million in Series A funding. DMP (Singapore) led the round, and was joined by Celebes Capital, NTT DOCOMO Ventures, Nullabor, Tuas Capital Partners and Anfield Equities"
" Nucleix, an Israel-based developer of urine tests for the monitoring of bladder cancer, has raised $3 million in new VC funding led by Aurum Ventures. www.nucleix.co"
" Rover, a developer of location-based mobile marketing using beacons, has raised $1.1 million in seed funding from backers like BDC Venture Capital and 500 Startups. www.rover.i"
" Penny, a mobile personal finance app, has raised $1.2 million in seed funding from Social Capital. Read more"
" Medasense Biometrics, an Israel-based developer of pain monitoring devices, has raised an undisclosed amount of new Series B funding from Baxter Ventures. The company previously announced an $8 million first close on the round led by Benslie International Ltd. www.medasense.co"
" SilverVue, a San Francisco-based provider of patient transitional care technologies, has raised an undisclosed amount of new VC funding. Pritzker Group Venture Capital and GE Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by Epic Ventures. www.silvervue.co"
" Asset International, a New York-based business intelligence company owned by Genstar Capital, has acquired Market Metrics (Boston) and Matrix Solutions (London), both data and research firms for advisor-sold investments and insurance, from FactSet (NYSE: FDS). No financial terms were disclosed. www.assetinternational.co"
" General Atlantic has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Argus Media, a UK-based oil-price reporting agency. No financial terms were disclosed, but an earlier Reuters report suggested that Argus was seeking around a $1.3 billion enterprise value. www.generalatlantic.co"
" MSouth Equity Partners has acquired Southern Air & Heat Holdings, a provider of HVAC repair, service and installation in Florida and North Carolina, from Pulte Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.msouth.co"
" Polycom Inc. (Nasdaq: PLCM) said that it has received a revised takeover offer from an undisclosed private equity suitor, which could be considered a superior bid to its existing $2 billion takeover agreement with Mitel Networks Corp. (Nasdaq: MITL). Read more"
" Reliance Gathering LLC, a crude oil gathering affiliate of Permian Basin-focused Reliance Energy, has secured an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Metalmark Capital (which partnered on the deal with portfolio company Monarch Natural Gas Holdings). www.reimid.co"
" Siris Capital Group has agreed to acquire Xura Inc. (Nasdaq: MESG), a Wakefield, Mass.-based maker of communications software, for $643 million, or $25 per share (19% premium to Friday’s closing price). www.xura.co"
" Spire Capital Partners has acquired On Campus Marketing, a Ewing, N.J.-based provider of affinity programs for universities and colleges, from Dominus Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ocm.co"
" TA Associates has acquired a majority equity stake in Professional Datasolutions Inc., a Temple, Texas-based provider of ERP software and services to the convenience retail and petroleum wholesale marketer industries. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Luminate Capital Partners. www.profdata.co"
" Tall City Exploration II LLC, a Midland, Texas-based oil and gas exploration and production company, has raised $300 million in equity commitments from Denham Capital. www.tallcityexploration.co"
" Warburg Pincus and Centerbridge Partners reportedly are among the private equity investors in talks to acquire a “sizable stake” in struggling Italian lender Banca Popolare di Vicenza though, which currently is controlled by Italian rescue bank Atlante. Read more"
" Wincove Private Holdings has sponsored a recapitalization of Bluff Holdings, a Fort Worth, Texas-based provider of industrial equipment for loading docks and warehouses. No financial terms were disclosed. www.wincove.co"
 No IPO news this morning
" eBay (Nasdaq: EBAY) has acquired Spanish ticket marketplace Ticketbis, which will be rolled into eBay’s StuHub platform. No financial terms were disclosed, although TechCrunch puts the price-tag at around $165 million. Ticketbis had raised around $17 million in VC funding from firms like Active Venture Partners, and Gestión de Capital Riesgo Del País Vasco. Read more"
" Evergreen Pacific Partners has sold Thermal Dynamics International, an Ontario, Calif.-based supplier of heat exchangers for the automotive, heavy truck and off-highway industries, to China’s Zhejiang Yinlun Machinery Co. Ltd. (SZSE: 002126). No financial terms were disclosed. www.tdi-corp.co"
" Goldman Sachs, via its investment management unit, has acquired Honest Dollar, an Austin, Texas-based online retirement savings platforms. No financial terms were disclosed. Honest Dollar had raised $3 million in VC funding from Expansive Ventures, Formation 8, Core Innovation Capital and Aaron Patzer, the founder of Mint. www.honestdollar.co"
" KKR has agreed to sell WMF, a German maker of coffee machines and silverware, to SEB SA (Paris: SK) for around €1.6 billion (including €600m of assumed debt). Read more"
" Unilever, Henkel & Co and L'Oréal are among the first-round bidders for Vogue International LLC, an Orlando, Fla.-based shampoo maker that is 49%-owned by The Carlyle Group, according to Reuters. The deal could be worth between $2 billion and $3 billion. Read more"
" Dyal Capital Partners, a unit of Neuberger Berman, has secured around $2.5 billion in capital commitments for an evergreen private equity fund focused on acquiring minority stakes in closely-held businesses, according to Dow Jones. www.nb.co"
" March Capital Partners, a new tech VC firm based in Santa Monica, has closed its debut fund with $240 million in capital commitments. The firm's founding partners are Jim Montgomery (founder and CEO of Montgomery & Co.), Gregory Milken (founder and ex-COO of AltEgo), and Sumant Mandal and Jim Armstrong (ex-Clearstone Venture Partners). www.marchcp.co"
" Newark Venture Partners, an early-stage VC firm founded by Don Katz (founder and CEO of Audible), has held a $23 million first close on its debut fund, which is targeting a total of $50 million. The fund’s managing partners are Tom Wisniewski (ex-RosePaul Investments) and Dan Borok (ex-Millennium Technology Value Partners). LPs include Audible (now owned by Amazon), Dun & Bradstreet and Prudential Financial. www.newarkventurepartners.co"
" Stephen Blyth, CEO of the Harvard Management Co., has gone on medical leave for an undisclosed ailment. He will be replaced, on an interim basis, by existing HMC chief operating officer Robert Ettl. Read more"
" Sam Brasch has joined Kaiser Permanente Ventures as a senior managing director. He had been with the firm as a managing director until 2014, when he left to become a venture partner with New Leaf Venture Partners. www.kpventures.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Today's column didn't quite come together in time, and there was a ton of deal news to blurb. In other words, apologies for this morning's lack of random ramblings. Be back and boisterous tomorrow..."
" Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE), which was created just months ago via the split of HP, has agreed to sell its enterprise services business ― valued at around $8.1 billion after tax ― to Computer Sciences Corp. (NYSE: CSC) in an all-stock transaction. Read more"
" Gett, an Israeli ride-hailing service, has secured a $300 million equity investment from Volkswagen. Read more"
" Eero, a San Francisco-based maker of home WiFi systems, has raised $50 million in new VC funding. Menlo Ventures led the round, and was joined by Index Ventures and return backers First Round Capital, Redpoint Ventures and Playground Global. The company also announced a retail agreement with Best Buy. Read more"
" Seismic, a Solana Beach, Calif.-based provider of enterprise sales enablement software, has raised $40 million in Series C funding. General Atlantic led the round, and was joined by JMI Equity and Jackson Square Ventures. Read more"
" TransferWise, a London-based money transfer company, has raised $26 million in new VC funding led by Baillie Gifford at a $1.1 billion valuation, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Dashlane, a New York-based online password and identity management company, has raised $22.5 million in Series C funding. TransUnion led the round, and was joined by return backers Bessemer Venture Partners, FirstMark Capital and Rho Ventures. www.dashlane.co"
" AutoGrid Systems, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based provider of data analytics for utilities, has raised $20 million in new VC funding. Energy Impact Partners led the round, and was joined by Envision Ventures, Envision Energy and return backer E.ON. Read more"
" Stem Inc., a Millbrae, Calif.-based provider of “software-driven energy storage” solutions, has raised $15 million in new equity funding from Mithril Capital Management. www.stem.co"
" Accelerate LearningTM, a Houston, Texas-based provider of digital resources for preK-12 STEM education, has raised $10 million in Series A funding from Owl Ventures. www.acceleratelearning.co"
" Demisto, a bot-driven security platform, has raised $6 million in Series A funding led by Accel. Read more"
" EquipmentShare, a Columbia, Mo.-based online P2P marketplace for heavy construction equipment, has raised $5.5 million in Series A funding led by Romulus Capital. Read more"
" EyeQ, an Austin, Texas-based provider of shopper-aware and responsive in-store displays, has raised $3.5 million in Series A funding led by Align Capital. www.eyeqinsights.co"
" SportsHero, a Singapore-based fantasy sports app and social prediction platform, has raised US$2.4 million in new VC funding led by Australia’s Nevada Iron Ltd. (ASX: NVI). www.sportshero.mob"
" Bloomz, a Seattle-based provider of a preK-8 community and messaging app, has raised $2.3 million in new VC funding. Backers include include 8VC, ff Venture Capital, Founder's Co-op, CorrelationVC, Wisemont Capital and Acequia Capital. www.bloomz.ne"
" Bluejack Energy Solutions LLC, a Frisco, Texas-based provider of waste stream management solutions to oil and gas producers, has secured up to $100 million in new equity commitments from Energy Spectrum Capital. www.bluejackenergy.co"
" Bregal Sagemount has acquired Discovery Data Inc., an Eatontown, N.J.-based provider of wealth management sector data, from Ipreo LLC (a company controlled by Goldman Sachs Merchant Banking, with KKR as a minority shareholder). No financial terms were disclosed. www.discoveryco.co"
" ClickDimensions, an Atlanta-based provider of marketing automation and email marketing solutions, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Accel-KKR. www.clickdimensions.co"
" CVC Capital Partners has held informal takeover talks with German generic pharma company Stada (DE: STAG), according to the WSJ. A deal could be valued at around $4.1 billion. Read more"
" Carson Group Holdings, an Omaha, Neb.-based provider of wealth management services to financial advisors and clients, has raised $35 million in minority equity funding led by Long Ridge Equity Partners. Company management also participated. www.carsonwealth.co"
" Pharos Capital Group has made an investment in Beacon Specialized Living Services Inc., a for-profit provider of residential healthcare services in Michigan to individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities, mental health and substance abuse disorders. No financial terms were disclosed. www.beaconserv.or"
" TPG Capital is in talks to acquire Egyptian supermarket chain Spinneys from Abraaj Capital for approximately $100 million, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Nant Health LLC, a Culver City, Calif.-based personalized healthcare company led by Patrick Soon-Shiong, has set its IPO terms to 6.5 million shares being offered at between $12.5o and $15.50 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $1.65 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company reports a $72 million net loss on $58 million in revenue for 2015. Shareholders include Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Celgene Corp., BlackBerry Corp., Kuwait Investment Authority and Verizon Ventures. www.nanthealth.co"
"  Selecta Biosciences Inc., a Watertown, Mass.-based developer of targeted antigen-specific immune therapies, has filed for a $75 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SELB, with UBS and Stifel serving as co-lead underwriters. The company has raised around $148 million in VC funding (most recent post-money value of $245m), from firms like Polaris Partners (14.3% pre-IPO stake), Flagship Ventures (13.5%), Rusano (10.9%), OrbiMed Advisors (9.3%), Leukon Investments  (7.7%), NanoDimension (5.3%), Sanofi-Genzyme BioVentures, Ridgeback Capital Management, Osage University Partners, AJU IB Investment, Sphera Global Health Care Fund, I2BF and Eminent Venture Capital. www.selectabio.co"
" Clessidra is in exclusive talks to sell Italian jeweler Buccellati to Cartier owner Richemont (Swiss: CFR), according to Reuters. Read more"
" Telstra Corp. (ASX: TLS) said that it planned sale of its $1.6 billion control stake in Chinese auto site Autohome (NYSE: ATHM) to Ping An Insurance Group is being challenged by minority shareholders. Telstra did not identify the shareholders, although Autohome minority backers include Sequoia Capital China and Boyu Capital. Read more"
" Warburg Pincus has agreed to sell the Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists (ACAMS), an international membership organization focused on improving the knowledge and skills of anti-money laundering and financial crime prevention professionals, to Becker Professional Education for $330 million. BPE is a subsidiary of DeVry Education Group (NYSE: DV). www.acams.or"
 Anheuser-Busch InBev and SABMiller have received European Commission approval for their proposed mega-brewery merger. Read more
 Monsanto (NYSE: MON) has rejected a $62 billion takeover offer from Germany's Bayer AG (DB: BAYN). Read more
" Fenwick & West, a tech and life sciences law firm, announced plans to open an office in New York City. It will be led by a group of partners relocating from the West Coast, including Ken Myers (M&A) and Kristine Di Bacco (startups). www.fenwick.co"
 Jake Cabala has joined online investment marketplace CircleUp as head of institutional business. He previously was a managing director at placement agency Park Hill Group. www.circleup.co
 Chirag Chotalia has joined the venture investing team of Draper Fisher Jurvetson. He previously was a VP with Pritzker Group Venture Capital. www.dfj.co
" Christopher Laitala has stepped down as a New York-based managing director with HIG Capital, as first reported by Bloomberg. No word yet on his future plans. Laitala had joined the Miami-based private equity firm in 2002. Read more"
 Lisa Lambert has joined VC firm the Westly Group as managing partner. She previously was a managing director with Intel Capital. www.westlygroup.co
 Jordan Ormont has joined Menlo Ventures as a talent partner. He previously served in a similar role with Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. www.menlovc.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Last December, Sen. Harry Reid tried tacking an amendment onto an omnibus spending bill that would have retroactively shielded two private equity firms ― Apollo Global Management and TPG Capital ― from junior bondholder claims related to the nightmarish bankruptcy of casino chain Caesars."
"The rider would have more explicitly defined something called the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, an arcane piece of bankruptcy law that was designed to protect minority shareholders in out-of-court restructurings. A couple of recent court rulings had argued that the law should be interpreted fairly broadly, in that issuers should be prevented from not only legally impairing principal or interest payments without bondholder assent, but also from practically doing so via asset stripping and other feats of financial engineering. What Reid and Caesars wanted was to codify Congressional intent narrowly (and retroactively), arguing that the broader interpretations could empower just one or two small and disruptive bondholders to the detriment of the ""held up"" company, its employees, customers and other bondholders."
"Reid ultimately relented, but Fortune has learned that this bill is anything but dead. Several letters are circulating through Congress right now arguing that the TIA needs amending, including one from the Chamber of Congress (dated 3/31/16) and from the Colorado Oil & Gas Association (dated 3/7/16)."
"There also is an unsigned letter that explicitly goes after one of Caesars' junior bondholders, Oaktree Capital Management, asserting that the investment firm (via attorneys at Milbank Tweed) preferred a narrower interpretation of TIA during what became known as the Marblegate case (in which Oaktree was a senior bondholder, and ended up on the wrong side of the judge's decision). My best guess is this letter was authored by someone close to Caesars ― even though it also speaks to a handful of recent energy company restructurings ― and basically paints Oaktree as willing to fight for whichever side of the TIA argument is paved with potential profits."
"The only trouble is that Oaktree disputes the unsigned letter, with a firm spokesman telling Fortune that: (a) ""Oaktree was not involved in the drafting of the brief filed by Milbank Tweed;"" and (b) ""Oaktree ceased to actively participate in the steering committee of term loan lenders represented by Milbank Tweed some time before the filing of the brief, and its formal termination as a member of the committee came a week or so after the filing. That termination disassociated Oaktree from the brief and Oaktree has had no involvement in the Marblegate/Education Management litigation since that time.”"
"It also is worth noting that Oaktree has a lot more on the line with Caesars than it did with Marblegate. That latter case related to $217 million in bonds held by Oaktree and others, while a court-appointed bankruptcy examiner recently found that Caesars could be found liable for paying out between $3.6 billion and $5.1 billion to its dissenting creditor group (largely due to Apollo-orchestrated asset-shifting that, arguably, contravened the broader interpretation of TIA)."
"The unsigned letter, which seems to have been widely-circulated, also pushes for expedited action:"
"""It is not necessary for Congress to introduce stand-alone legislation or hold public hearings when it is simply acting to overturn rogue court decisions by restoring well-established law, especially when such decisions introduce an alarming new risk to markets."""
"There had been some talk that the new TIA rider would get added to the Puerto Rico rescue bill, but that didn't come to pass. Maybe because that particular piece of legislation required a lot of partisan balancing, and no one wanted to complicate matters by adding an unrelated rider that would have generated headlines about bailing out a couple of giant buyout firms (yeah ― that would have trumped narratives about helping save energy sector jobs)."
"So advocates are looking at the limited number of remaining bills in this Congressional year, to find the best staple base. Actually reforming the corporate bankruptcy process ― the absurd length of which is why this is arguably an issue in the first place ― is, of course, not on the table."
" Today in Theranos: The blood-testing startup is now facing a class action lawsuit, accusing it of consumer fraud. Theranos, via a spokeswoman, says the complaint is without merit"
" It's not you... There have been four IPO pricings in the past day, including a massive $1 billion offering from a PE-backed foodservices company, plus smaller deals for a PE-backed software company, PE-backed construction materials company and a VC-backed biotech. In fact, the IPO market has been looking pretty healthy of late, except for the total lack of VC-backed tech offerings. So if you hear someone say that the unicorns, etc. aren't going public because of ""the markets,"" they're not really being honest. This is about the companies themselves"
" OKC down-round: Like any good basketball fan, I'm still rooting for a Warriors vs. Cavs finals. But if the Warriors do fall before then, there will be some pretty strong parallels to what's been going on in the Warriors-loving/bandwagon unicorn community.."
" Just saying: Yesterday I read a piece that at one point referenced Occupy Wall Street as a ""failed movement."" It's something I've seen written and said repeatedly over the years, likely because of the lack of Wall Street CEOs currently getting their hour in the yard"
"Seems to me, however, that this year's presidential race has been strongly influenced by the OWS rhetoric (1% vs. 99%, etc.). Not just by Bernie Sanders (whose economic language has often been cribbed by Hillary Clinton), but also by Donald Trump. In other words, OWS may ultimately prove much more consequential than even its most ardent backers originally expected..."
" Chip shot: Intel Capital boss Wendell Brooks has authored a new blog post this morning that announces some new investments, and also says that some members of the team will be leaving. But the real headline is an apparent suggestion that Intel Capital is no longer planning to sell off around one-quarter of its direct portfolio via a secondary sale that could have been valued at upwards of $1 billion. He writes"
"""In February, I noted we were taking a fresh look at our portfolio to ensure we were best positioned to help our companies grow beyond just financial support. That process is wrapped up, and I am happy to report I inherited a terrific portfolio... Despite what you may have read or heard, we are not planning any major changes to Intel Capital’s portfolio. While, like all investors, we’ll continue to actively manage our investments, I intend to keep and support the portfolio I inherited."""
"I'm trying to get some clarity on this, as I spoke yesterday with three different secondary firms that believed the process was ongoing (and all three of which had expressed interest in some, if not all, of the assets). ""Middle innings,"" one of them said, in terms of timing."
"  US Foods, an Illinois-based foodservice giant, raised $1 billion in its IPO. The company priced 44.4 million shares at $23 per share (within its $21-$24 range), for an initial market cap of approximately $4.91 billion and a total enterprise value of around $9.9 billion"
"It will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol USFD, while Goldman Sachs was listed as left lead underwriter. The company had been acquired by KKR and Clayton Dubilier & Rice for $7.1 billion in 2007. Read more."
" Snapchat has raised $1.8 billion in new equity funding, according to an SEC filing. Read more"
" Viptela, a San Jose, Calif.-based software defined wide area networking company, has raised $75 million in Series C funding at an $875 million valuation. Redline Capital led the round, and was joined by Northgate Capital and return backer Sequoia Capital. www.viptela.co"
" Arrivo BioVentures, a Morrisville, N.C.-based pharma startup, has raised $49 million in VC funding. Jazz Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: JAZZ) led the round, and was joined by Solas BioVentures and Rex Health Ventures. www.arrivobio.co"
" Lightbend, a San Francisco-based reactive app development platform, has raised $20 million in Series C funding. Intel Capital led the round, and was joined by Blue Cloud Ventures and return backers Bain Capital Ventures, Polytech Ecosystem Ventures and Shasta Ventures. Read more"
" Contentful, a Berlin-based “API-driven content management developer platform,” has raised $13 million in Series B funding. Benchmark led the round, and was joined by Trinity Ventures and return backers Balderton Capital and Point Nine Capital. www.contentful.co"
" Kollective, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based cloud-based software defined networking company, has raised $12.25 million in new VC funding from MK Capital, Pritzker Group Venture Capital, Cross Creek Capital and Hatteras Funds. www.kollective.co"
" CarCo Technologies (a.k.a. Drivin), a Chicago-based online platform connecting automotive dealers with used cars inventories, has raised $7.5 million in second-round funding, according to a regulatory filing. The company previously raised $10 million at a $45 million pre-money valuation from Lightbank and Columbus Nova Technology Partners. www.drivindealer.co"
" Zubie, a Charleston, S.C.-based connected-car platform and telematics provider, has raised $6 million in new VC funding. Melody Capital Partners was joined by return backers OpenAir Equity Partners, Castrol innoVentures, Comporium, Nokia Growth Partners and Magna. www.zubie.co"
" ClearTax, an Indian online tax filing platform, has raised $2 million in new VC funding from FF Angel and Sequoia Capital. www.cleartax.i"
" Wellth, a New York-based behavior change platform for health insurers, has raised $2 million in new VC funding. AXA Strategic Ventures led the round, and was joined by B-Fore Capital, I2BF Venture Capital, Beta Bridge Ventures and AltaIR Capital. www.wellthapp.co"
" 7shifts, a Canadian provider of restaurant employee scheduling software, has raised C$1.2 million in seed funding. Relay Ventures led the round, and was joined by Globalive Capital and return backers Boost VC and Tim Draper. www.7shifts.co"
" OncoResponse, a Houston, Texas-based immuno-oncology antibody discovery company, has raised and undisclosed amount of new VC funding from Baxalta Inc. (NYSE: BXLT). The company has now raised a total of $12.5 million, from backers like Baxalta, ARCH Venture Partners, Canaan Partners, MD Anderson, William Marsh Rice University and Alexandria Real Estate Equities. www.oncoresponseinc.co"
" Cathay Capital has sponsored a recapitalization of K’NEX Brands, a Hatfield, Penn.-based maker of construction, building and educational products for children. No financial terms were disclosed. www.knex.co"
" Electrical Components International Inc., a St. Louis-based portfolio company of KPS Capital Partners, has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Whitepath Fab Tech Inc., an Ellijay, Ga.-based maker of control boxes, wire harnesses and assembly services to the HVAC industry. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ecintl.co"
" IK Investment Partners has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Marle International SAS, a France-based implant contract manufacturing company, from The Carlyle Group. No financial terms were disclosed. Carlyle will retain a minority equity stake, alongside the founding Marle family. www.marle.f"
" Jones Natural Chews, a Rockford, Ill.-based maker of all-natural dog treats and chews, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Azalea Capital. www.jonesnaturalchews.co"
" Takata Corp. (Tokyo: 7312), a Japanese maker of air bags and other auto safety systems, has held restructuring and takeover talks with KKR, according to multiple reports, although the discussions appear to be preliminary. Other suitors also may have interest, with Lazard managing the process. The company’s current market cap is around $345 million. Read more"
" Acushnet Co., the Fairhaven, Mass.-based owner of golf brands like Titeist and Footjoy, is prepping for an IPO that could value the company north of $2 billion, according to Reuters. The company is currently owned by Fila Korea Ltd. and Mirae Asset Private Equity, which purchased Acushnet in 2011 for $1.23 billion. Read more"
"  Cotiviti Holdings Inc., an Atlanta-based provider of payment accuracy software for the healthcare and retail sectors, raised $238 million in its IPO. The company priced 12.5 million shares at $19 per share (high end of range), for an initial market cap of approximately $1.7 billion. It will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol COTV, while Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan served as lead underwriters. Cotiviti reports nearly $14 million of net income in 2015 on $541 million in revenue, compared to a $26 million loss on $441 million in revenue for 2014. It is owned by Advent International. www.cotiviti.co"
"  Gypsum Management and Supply Inc., a Tucker, Ga.-based distributor of drywall, acoustical and other specialty building materials, raised $147 million in its IPO. The company priced 7 million shares at $21 per share (low end of range), and will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol GMS. Barclays and Credit Suisse served as lead underwriters. AEA Investors held a 54% pre-IPO equity stake in GMS. www.gms.co"
"  Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc., an Irving, Texas-based developer of protein-based antioxidant inflammation modulators for serious or life-threatening diseases, raised $60.5 million in its IPO. The company priced 5.5 million shares at $11 per share ($220m initial market cap), compared to plans to sell 4 million shares at between $14 and $16 per share. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol RETA, while Citigroup, Cowen & Co. and Piper Jaffray served as lead underwriters. Reata reports a $1.45 million net loss on around $50 million in revenue for 2015.  Pre-IPO shareholders include Abbott Labs, Cardinal Investment Company, CPMG Inc., Novo AS, StartTech Early Ventures and Kern Whalen Capital.  www.reatapharm.co"
" Qualtrics, a Provo, Utah-based provider of customer experience software, has acquired Statwing, a San Francisco-based point-and-click data science tool. No financial terms were disclosed. Qualtrics has raised around $220 million in VC funding from firms like Accel, Insight Venture Partners and Sequoia Capital, while Statwing had been backed by YCombinator. www.qualtrics.co"
" Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) last year proposed an acquisition of Time Warner (NYSE: TWX), but discussions never went very far, according to the FT. Read more"
" Singapore Exchange Ltd. is in exclusive talks to acquire Baltic Exchange Ltd. for upwards of $120 million, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Versa Media Capital LLC, a Los Angeles-based provider of production loan financing to creditors of new film and TV content, has secured a $100 million financing facility from Crayhill Capital Management. www.versamediacapital.co"
" Yadkin Financial Corp. (NYSE: YDKN), a Raleigh, N.C.-based community bank with a market cap of around $1.4 billion, has hired Sandler O’Neill & Partners LP to find a buyer, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Apollo Global Management is raising $3.5 billion for its third fund focused on European bad debt, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
"•  ] Babson Capital Management has raised more than $2 billion for its global private loan program, according to Bloomberg, and already has deployed around $900 million. Read more"
 EQT Partners has raised €566 million for a new venture capital fund focused on European technology startups. www.eqt.s
 Shamrock Capital Advisors has closed an entertainment IP rights fund with $250 million in capital commitments. www.shamrockcap.co
" Bruno Bézard, a former French Inspector General of Finance, has agreed to join Paris-based Cathay Capital as a managing partner. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Twilio is an unprofitable cloud software company that has been valued at more than $1 billion by venture capitalists. Yesterday the San Francisco-based company filed for an initial public offering. It’s about damn time.
"To be clear, I have no idea if going public in 2016 is actually the right move for Twilio. Nor do I have any sense of whether its stock will go up, down or sideways. If you want someone to analyze Twilio’s growth prospects within the enterprise software world ― or API space, more specifically ― please look elsewhere."
"For me, at this moment in time, Twilio is more about what it can do for others than what it can do for itself."
"Tech startups have been staying private longer for a while but, even as of this time last year, it wasn’t terribly unusual to see a company like Twilio hit the public markets. Last year, for example, saw IPOs from Box, Pure Storage, Shopify and Square."
"2016, however, has been a wasteland. Not a single “unicorn” has gone public yet, nor has one even filed for an IPO (Nutanix remains on file from last December). The closest we got was Massachusetts-based Acacia Communication, which never was valued at even $200 million by its VCs (i.e., its best public/private value comp is Fitbit)."
"And while some in Silicon Valley have blamed public market volatility, that hasn’t stopped biotech-focused venture capitalists from getting a bunch of their companies public. Ditto for private equity investors. And corporate spin-offs. And special purpose acquisition companies. Moreover, U.S. IPOs have actually outperformed the S&P 500 over the past three months, per Renaissance Capital."
"If Twilio manages to price and doesn’t collapse in the early aftermarket, it could serve as the dam-breaker that other, less courageous unicorns have been waiting for. Or, as IPO consultant Lise Buyer explained it back in March: “There are certainly double-digit numbers of companies working on S-1’s, but bankers do a very good job of scaring people until waiting to go public until after someone else succeeds with one.”"
" Speaking of Twilio: (1) It's probably a good time to mention that Twilio CEO Jeff Lawson will be among those joining us July 11-13 at Fortune Brainstorm Tech. (2) Per the S-1, Lawson has cashed in over $15 million worth of stock, via transactions in 2013 and 2015. (3) This is probably the first ― but almost certainly not the last ― IPO filing to feature Uber CEO Travis Kalanick. His photo appears near the top, alongside a quote about being a satisfied customer"
" Courthouse update: Patrick Chung yesterday filed his first response to the lawsuit filed by his former Xfund partner Hugo Van Vuuren, although it was not a full demurrer. Instead, it was something called an anti-Slapp motion, in which Chung effectively is asking the court to invalidate some of Van Vuuren's claims (primarily around defamation).  "
"  Deal data: Global M&A is down 18% year-to-date over 2015, according to Thomson Reuters. Private equity-backed deals have taken even deeper hits: Globally down 43% to $135.7 billion, and off 55% for U.S. targets to $64 billion"
"  Birthday wishes: Today is J's birthday, and it's a big one. So I'm once again hoping you could help me out a bit"
"As many of you know, her day job is a psychologist working with returning military and veterans. But she's also a voracious reader who runs book review and commentary site called The Readers Room. The site is doing well, but I'd like to again give it a massive, one-day bump (mainly because it will make her smile, and she indirectly helps out with Term Sheet more than you probably realize). So, if you would, please take a quick moment and visit http://TheReadersRoom.org. BIG thanks in advance."
  Have a great holiday weekend (for those of you in the U.S.). Term Sheet will return on Tuesday..
"  TPG Capital and Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. (Tokyo: 4502) submitted a takeover offer earlier this spring for Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (TSX: VRX), but were rejected, according to the WSJ. The unsolicited bid was said to be at a significant premium to where Valeant stock was trading, but still well below its peaks. Read more"
" AutoFi, a San Francisco-based point-of-sale financing solution for the auto market, has raised $17 million in new VC funding. Crosslink Capital led the round, and was joined by Lerer Hippeau Ventures and return backers like Toll Brothers founder Bruce Toll. www.autofi.co"
" Creema, a Japan-based online marketplace for handmade goods, has raised around $10 million in new VC funding. Globis Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by return backer KDDI Open Innovation Fund. Read more"
" Lumiata, a San Mateo, Calif.-based provider of predictive analytics software for the healthcare market, has raised $10 million in Series B funding. Intel Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Blue Cross Blue Shield Venture Partners, Khosla Ventures and Sandbox Industries. www.lumiata.co"
" Meural, a New York-based “connected canvas” startup that streams art directly to users’ walls, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding. Corigin Ventures led the round, and was joined by Barbara Corcoran Venture Partners and individual angels. www.meural.co"
" Amulet Capital Partners has acquired SynteractHCR Holdings Corp., a Carlsbad, Calif.-based contract research organization for small to mid-sized biopharma clients, from Gryphon Investors. No financial terms were disclosed. www.synteracthcr.co"
" Anglo American (LSE: AAL) has set June 6 as the date for final bids on its metallurgical coal mines in Australia, which could garner upwards of $1.5 billion, according to Reuters. Apollo Global Management is among the bidders, working with Pennsylvania-based Xcoal Energy & Resources. The frontrunner is believed to be BHP (ASX: BHP). Read more"
" Centauri Health Solutions Inc., a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based provider of risk adjustment solutions to the healthcare market, has raised $50 million in minority equity funding from Silversmith Capital Partners. www.centaurihs.co"
" Juggernaut Capital Partners has agreed to acquire Mitchell & Ness, a Philadelphia-based maker and seller of nostalgia sports apparel, from Adidas AG for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
 LDC has agreed to acquire the Magicard identification card business of British defense contractor Ultra Electronics (LSE: ULE) for up to £25 million in cash (£22m up front). Read more
" PeopleAdmin, an Austin, Texas-based portfolio company of Vista Equity Partners, has acquired TeacherMatch, a Chicago-based SaaS platform for hiring teachers, from Prairie Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.peopleadmin.co"
"  Philips Lighting, a lighting business spinoff of Dutch electronics giant Philips NV, priced its Amsterdam IPO at €20 per share, for an initial market cap of around €3 billion. Read more"
" Twilio Inc., a San Francisco-based provider of API solutions for voice communications , has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol TWLO, with Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $35.5 million net loss on $167 million in revenue for 2015, compared to a $27 million net loss on $89 million in revenue for 2014. Twilio raised around $240 million in VC funding from firms like Bessemer Venture Partners (28.5% pre-IPO stake), Union Square Ventures (13.6%), Fidelity (6.1%), Amazon, 500 Startups, Altimeter Capital, DFJ, Founders Fund, K9 Ventures, Kapor Capital, Lowercase Capital, Redpoint Ventures, Salesforce Ventures and T. Rowe Price. Read more."
" JLL Partners has hired Jefferies to find a buyer for BioClinica Inc., a Newtown, Penn.-based pharma contract research organization that could be worth upwards of $1.3 billion (including debt), according to Reuters. Read more"
" VMG Partners has sold Justin’s LLC, a Boulder, Colo.-based maker of nut butters and nut snacks, to Hormel Foods (NYSE: HRL). No financial terms were disclosed. www.justins.co"
" The Alaska Permanent Fund is seeking to sell up to 20 LP stakes in private equity funds, with an estimates value of around $271 million, according to board documents spotted by Private Equity International. The pension system has a total private equity portfolio value of around $3.6 billion"
" Data Collective has closed its fourth VC fund with $177.45 million in capital commitments, according to a regulatory filing. www.dcvc.co"
"Mark Bodnick is stepping down as head of business and community at Q&A site Quora, in order to either return to investing or start a company. Prior to joining Quora, he had been a co-founding partner of Elevation Partners. Read more"
" Olivier Sarkozy is stepping down as head of the financial services practice at The Carlyle Group, according to Bloomberg. He had joined the firm in 2008 from UBS, and will remain as a senior advisor to Carlyle. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The sun is shining, the Fed is getting frisky and a big thanks to everyone who visited J's website last week. In other words, it's time for some brief Tuesday Talkback."
" First up were some emails on the IPO market, in light of Twilio's filing. Neal: “I think there are big differences in the tech and biotech IPO markets, timeframe and required capital being two. Any biotech company’s time horizon for delivery of a customer product is measured in decades and hundreds of millions of dollars. That gamble for investors is often binary: If the drug works, you know you’ll make back your investment and turn a profit. If it doesn’t, you lose everything. So the biotech company’s valuation is predicated on the percent likelihood of any of the drugs in pipeline succeeding."
"Larry: ""I wouldn't pin my hopes to Twilio, a company where the CEO has already cashed in $15 million and gets over $300,000 in  salary (not including his millions worth of stock options). One reason startups used to pop after going public was that the public markets thought these entrepreneurs were hungrier than what was already in their portfolio. How hungry can you be when you're already fat on cash."""
" Roy on LendingClub: ""You refer to the board as 'cagey' in terms of public communications, but I think it either is being dishonest or really wasn't paying attention and is now trying to play catch up. Either way, it risks taking down other online lenders who (to our knowledge) are playing by the rules."
" Dave on the SV Angel situation: ""Man - you missed low hanging fruit with 'the biggest split since another David Lee left Van Halen...' in the lede."
" Some emails on Donald Trump's concerns about a tech bubble: Vito: ""No one cares what any of these candidates are saying because the electorate has decided that they are lying anyway."
"Brian: ""So do the  socialists  make more sense to you?? That seems to be what you are saying!!"""
"Aidan: ""Trump's comments on tech stocks are, as you write, nonsensical. But they may connect to that Legg Mason survey about the American Dream. We're in a bizarro world in which economic pessimism is now appealing to vast sectors of the electorate, even those who have no objective reason to complain. Trump, and Sanders for that matter, understand this and are exploiting it expertly. Why not add fears of another 'tech bubble' on top, particularly since it came at the end of Bill Clinton's presidency? Pathetic of Trump to do it, but more pathetic of 'us' to reward it."""
" Jawbone, a San Francisco-based consumer tech device maker, is seeking to sell off its Jambox wireless speaker business so that it can focus exclusively on wearables, according to Fortune. The company has raised over $900 million in VC and private debt funding, including at a top valuation of $3.2 billion. Read more"
" Lalamove (f.k.a. EasyVan), a Hong Kong-based provider of on-demand logistics solutions, has raised $10 million in new VC funding. MindWorks led the round, and was joined by fellow return backers Crystal Stream, AppWorks and Aria Group. New investor Asia Plus (Thailand) also participated. Read more"
" Tynker, a coding-for-kids startup, has raised $7.1 million in Series A funding. Backers include Cervin Ventures, Felicis Ventures, New Ground Ventures, Reach Capital and Relay Ventures. Read more"
" Hooch Inc., a New York-based “members-only cocktail society app,” has raised $950,000 in seed funding led by Blue Scorpion Investments. www.hooch.c"
" Accel-KKR has agreed to acquire SciQuest Inc. (Nasdaq: SQI), a Morrisville, N.C.-based provider of spend management solutions, for around $509 million, or $17.75 per share (34% premium over Friday’s closing price). www.sciquest.co"
" CIVIQ Smartscapes, a Milford, Mass.-based portfolio company of JMC Capital Partners, has acquired Vertigo Digital Displays, a Toronto-based maker of “ruggedized integrated digital display solutions.” No financial terms were disclosed. www.civiqsmartscapes.co"
" CVC Capital Partners has acquired AR Packaging, a Swedish maker of cigarette packaging, from Ahlstrom Capital and Accent. No financial terms were disclosed, but Reuters puts the enterprise value at just below €450 million. Read more"
" CVC Capital Partners has agreed to acquire Italian gaming and payment services company Sisal Group at an enterprise value of €1 billion (including debt). Sellers include Apax Partners, Clessidra and Permira. Read more"
" Genstar Capital has acquired Infinite RF Holdings Inc., an Irvine, Calif.-based provider of “engineering grade” RF technology components. No financial terms were disclosed. www.gencap.co"
" PAI Partners has agreed to acquire Atos Medical, a Swedish medical device maker, from EQT Partners. No financial terms were disclosed, but Reuters reports a sale price of around €850 million. Read more"
" Thompson Street Capital Partners has sponsored a majority recapitalization of Software Global Inc., a Raleigh, N.C.-based provider of Excel-based automation and reporting software. No financial terms were disclosed. www.globalsoftwareinc.co"
" United Flexible Inc., a UK-based portfolio company of Arlington Capital Partners, has agreed to acquire Kreisler Manufacturing Corp. (OTC BB: KRSL) for around $34.2 million, or $18 per share. Kreisler is an Elmwood Park, N.J-based manufacturer of precision metal components and assemblies for use in commercial and military aircraft engines as well as industrial gas turbines. www.kreislermfg.co"
" Atkore International Group, a Harvey, Ill.-based maker of electrical circuitry raceway products for non-residential construction and renovation markets, has set its IPO terms to 12 million shares being offered at between $20 and $22 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $1.31 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol ATKR, with Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank and J.P. Morgan are serving as lead underwriters. Atkore reports around $67.3 million of net income on $6.4 billion in revenue for the 12 months ending Dec. 25, 2015. It is owned by Clayton Dubilier & Rice. www.atkore.co"
" China Online Education Group, a Beijing-based online education platform focused on English language proficiency, has set its IPO terms to 2.4 million American depository shares being offered at between $18 and $20 per ADS. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol COE, with Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse are serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $50.5 million net loss on nearly $24 million in revenue for 2015. Shareholders include DCM (24.1% pre-IPO stake) and Sequoia Capital China (19.3%)"
" Centerbridge Partners has hired Citigroup to find a buyer for Culligan International, a Rosemont, Ill.-based water treatment company, according to the WSJ. The deal could value Culligan at around $900 million. Read more"
" China Life Insurance and China Taiping Insurance have expressed preliminary interest in acquiring ING Life Insurance Korea from MBK Partners, in a deal that could be valued at around $3 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
"Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (Nasdaq: JAZZ) has agreed to acquire Celator Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Nasdaq: CPXX) for approximately $1.5 billion in cash, or $30.25 per share (72.56% premium over Friday’s closing price). Celator is a Ewing, N.J.-based cancer drugmaker whose shareholders include Thomas McNerney & Partners (5.95% of outstanding stock) and Domain Associates (5.66%). Read more"
" AirAsia Bhd. of Malaysia has received a $1 billion takeover offer for its aircraft leasing business (Asia Aviation Capital), according to a Bloomberg interview with CEO Tony Fernandes. The bidder was not identified. Read more"
" Great Plains Energy (NYSE: GXP) has agreed to buy Topeka, Kansas-based rival utility Westar Energy (NYSE: WR) for approximately $8.6 billion. Read more"
" HNA Group of China has agreed to acquire a 13% stake in air carrier Virgin Australia Holdings (ASX: VAH), and also is in talks to acquire a 49.9% stake in Servair from Air France (Paris: AF). Read more"
 Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co. and Globe Telecom Inc. have acquired the telecom business of Philippines-listed conglomerate San Miguel Corp. for approximately $1.5 billion (including debt). Read more
" 5AM Ventures, a life sciences-focused VC firm, has raised $285 million for its fifth fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.5amventures.co"
" Chrysalix Venture Capital, a Canadian VC firm focused on alternative energy, has partnered with Dutch robotics commercialization center RoboValley to create a new VC fund focused on robotics. The vehicle is targeting €100 million. www.chrysalix.co"
" New Richmond Ventures is raising up to $30 million for a new “early-stage growth fund,” according to a regulatory filing. www.nrv.v"
 Rob Yang has joined KKR as a managing director and head of greater China real estate. He previously served in similar roles at The Blackstone Group. www.kkr.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Partners Group this morning announced an agreement to acquire PCI Pharma Services, a Philadelphia-based provider of outsourced services to the global pharma market, from Frazier Healthcare Partners. No financial terms were disclosed, but we've learned that the deal values PCI at just over $1 billion (including debt), and that Frazier will roll over some of its proceeds so that it can retain a minority equity position."
"PCI was originally formed in 2012, via Frazier’s purchase of the U.S. commercial pharma packaging operations of Catalent Pharma Solutions Inc. from a group of investors led by The Blackstone Group. One year later it would acquire the AndersonBrecon, the consumer packaging business of AmerisourceBergen Corp. and, one year after that, would add on Penn Pharmaceutical Services, a British provider of provider of drug development and manufacturing services."
"Reuters had reported back in March that Frazier was looking to sell for around $1 billion, with Royal Bank of Scotland managing the process."
"“We had a lot of inbound interest and there were some things we wanted to do in terms of additional M&A, and this deal with Partners gives us a stronger capital base,” says Nathan Every, a Frazier Healthcare partner and PCI board member. “We’d like to get bigger in clinical packaging and more global in commercial packaging, and on the manufacturing side we’d really like to do more in areas like high potency, where Penn is already a leader.”"
"If more M&A is what PCI and its new majority owner are looking for, it shouldn’t be hard to find targets. A number of companies ― including InVentiv Health, Envision Pharma, eResearch Technology and Pharma Product Development LLC ― are known to be in market, as pharma companies continue to outsource more and more of their packaging and manufacturing processes (kind of like where the contract research organization business was a decade ago)."
"“Big pharma companies are under a lot of pressure to control costs, which means they’re looking to optimize their supply chains,” explains Joel Schwartz, a managing director and head of Americas private equity at Partners Group. “Outsourcing is becoming an increasing part of that optimization, which is why private equity has so much interest right now.”"
"Partners Group is a limited partner in several Frazier Healthcare funds, including the one that houses PCI. “It’s how we first got to know about the company,” Schwartz says."
" The best things come to those who wait: Today's big deal is that Vista Equity has agreed to acquire Marketo Inc. for around $1.79 billion, or $35.25 per share. That's below the company's January 2014 peak price of $42.79 per share, but well above where it has been trading for the past year and a half. Moreover, it represents a huge reward for Storm Ventures, which originally invested in Marketo's Series B round in 2008 (at a price of just $0.69 per share). Storm held onto 2.5 million of the 5.1 million shares it held when Marketo went public in May 2013 at $13 per share. Also worth noting that Battery Ventures held onto around 20% of its 2.6 million post-IPO shares (it purchased 500k new shares via the offering)"
" Today in Theranos: Forbes today ""revised"" the estimated net worth of Theranos founder and CEO Elizabeth Holmes from $4.5 billion to zero. It has posted a detailed explanation, but perhaps a future rule of thumb could be to avoid assigning net worth to entrepreneurs based on illiquid securities. Yes, that also would include Travis Kalanick, et al"
" Update: Last fall we reported that  Clear   Ventures  had launched as a new VC firm focused on early-stage software infrastructure companies, led by Chris Rust (ex-USVP) and Rajeev Madhavan (founder of Magma Design Automation). It was seeking $80 million for its debut fund, but this morning announced that it finished up at $120 million"
"Madhavan says that the pair believes the amount of money any particularly early-stage GP can manage is between $40 and $60 million, based on making between two to three new investments each year (excluding follow-ons). Thus the $120 million. ""This is not a very high velocity game,"" he says."
 Where in the World? Tonight I'll be speaking at the annual meeting of the Boston chapter of the Private Equity CFO Association. Looking forward to seeing some of you there..
" Getting there: I've received a lot of reader emails asking my opinion of the Peter Thiel v. Gawker situation, but the truth is that I'm still working through it"
"My gut reaction is that Thiel should have been transparent from the get-go, rather than sniffed out years after the initial fact. At the same time, there is a long history of funding third-party lawsuits (albeit not usually for the sake of revenge ― and that's what it was, not ""philanthropy""), and I can't figure any satisfactory way to split that particular baby. Moreover, we do not yet know if Thiel has funded any frivolous lawsuits (Hogan, given the verdict, does not qualify), so this is not the case of a vengeful billionaire using his wealth to drown a critical media outlet in legal bills for the sake of legal bills."
"To be honest, I've been a bit stunned by how many black-and-white reactions have come from both Thiel's peers and mine. From this seat, there seems to be a whole lot of gray"
" Vista Equity Partners has agreed to acquire Marketo Inc. (Nasdaq: MKTO), a San Mateo, Calif.-based provider of cloud-based engagement marketing software, for around $1.79 billion. The $35.25 per share deal represents a 64% premium to Marketo’s stock price on May 9, which was the day before reports that Marketo had hired Morgan Stanley to explore strategic options"
"Current Marketo shareholders include Storm Ventures (5.63% stake) and Battery Ventures (1.14%). Vista Equity also is an existing Marketo holder, with a 1.88% position. Read more."
" Spredfast, an Austin, Texas-based provider of software for managing social media activities, has raised $50 million in growth equity funding. Riverwood Capital led the deal, and was joined by return backers Austin Ventures, Interwest Partners, OpenView Venture Partners and Lead Edge Capital. Read more"
" Ionic Security, an Atlanta-based data protection company, has raised $45 million in new VC funding. Amazon, Goldman Sachs and Hayman Capital were joined by return backers Google Ventures, Icon Ventures, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Meritech Capital Partners and Tech Operators. Read more"
" uSens Inc., a San Jose, Calif.-based developer of “natural hand-and-head tracking technologies for augmented and virtual reality,” has raised $20 million in Series A funding led by Fosun Kinzon Capital. www.usens.co"
" Vendini, a San Francisco-based provider of live event business management software, has raised $20 million in Series A funding from Level Equity. www.vendini.co"
" Docupace Technologies LLC, a Los Angeles-based provider of  document management and workflow solutions, has raised $16.5 million in funding from Palisades Growth Capital and TVC Capital. Part of the proceeds will be used to buy back a majority stake in the company from bankrupt RCS Capital, which had acquired Docupace in 2014 at an enterprise value north of $70 million. www.docupace.co"
" LinkBee, a New York-based stealthy IoT hardware startup, has raised $6 million in seed funding co-led by Pegasus Capital Advisors and Loeb Enterprises. www.linkbee.co"
" Lost My Name, a London-based publisher of personalized kid’s books, has raised €4 million in new VC funding from Germany’s Project A Ventures. Existing shareholders include Google Ventures, Greycroft, The Chernin Group and Forward Partners. Read more"
" Luxury Garage Sale, a Chicago-based designer brand consignment retailer, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. Data Point Capital led the round, and was joined by Chicago Ventures, Hyde Park Angels, Pallasite Ventures and individual angels. www.luxurygaragesale.co"
" RubiconMD, a New York-based online medical consulting platform for primary care providers, has raised $4 million in Series A funding from Waterline Ventures. Dioko Health Ventures and Alma Mundi Fund. www.rubiconmd.co"
" Bridgei2i, a Fremont, Calif.-based enterprise analytics startup, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding from Edelweiss Private Equity. www.BRIDGEi2i.co"
" 3i Group has acquired Schlemmer, a German auto parts maker, from Hannover Finanz. Reuters reports that the deal values Schlemmer at more than €400 million, while 3i said that its equity investment was €181 million. Read more"
" Advent International and Bain Capital reportedly are working on a joint takeover bid for Australian chemicals company ALS Ltd. (ASX: ALQ), which has a current market cap of A$2.04 billion. Read more"
" Aerostar Aerospace, a Phoenix-based portfolio company of Nautic Partners, has acquired Warmelin Precision Products, a Hawthorne, Calif.-based manufacturer of precision components for the global aerospace industry. No financial terms were disclosed. www.nautic.co"
" The Carlyle Group has invested around $400 million for a minority equity stake in ION Investment Group Ltd., a Dublin, Ireland-based provider of l software to financial institutions and corporations. Existing ION shareholders include TA Associates. www.carlyle.co"
" Envysion, a Louisville, Colo.-based portfolio company of Parthenon Capital Partners, has acquired Next Wave, a Millersville, Md.based provider of loss prevention auditing solutions for the quick-serve restaurant industry. No financial terms were disclosed. www.envysion.co"
" Patterson Medical, a Warrenville, Ill.-based distributor of rehabilitation and sports medicine products, has acquired Performance Health, an Akron, Ohio-based maker of consumer branded health, wellness and self-care products, from Gridiron Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. Patterson Medical is a portfolio company of Madison Dearborn Capital Partners. www.performancehealth.co"
" Searchlight Capital Partners has acquired Harbortouch Payments LLC, an Allentown, Penn.-based provider of payment processing and point-of-sale systems to small and mid-sized merchants, from Prospect Capital Corp. for $328 million. www.harbortouch.co"
" Thoma Bravo is preparing to make a binding takeover offer for Qlik Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq: QLIK), a Radnor, Penn.-based provider of business intelligence software, according to Reuters. The bid could value Qlik at upwards of $2.8 billion, or between $28 and $30 per share. Other initial suitors, including Bain Capital and Permira, opted against continuing in the auction process. Read more"
" Wincove Private Holdings has sponsored a recapitalization of Hygrade Components, a Bethlehem, Penn.-based provider of components used in the manufacture of residential and commercial windows and doors. No financial terms were disclosed. www.hygrademetal.co"
" AC Immune SA, a Swiss biopharma company focused on developing treatments for neurodegenerative diseases associated with protein misfolding, has filed for a $50 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol ACIU, with Credit Suisse, Jefferies and Leerink Partners serving as underwriters. Shareholders include Dievini Hopp BioTech (37.7% pre-IPO stake). www.acimmune.co"
" PapayaMobile, a Chinese provider of programmatic ad software, raised $40 million in an IPO on China’s National Equities Exchange and Quotations Index (NEEQ: 837493). Shareholders include DCM. www.en.papayamobile.co"
" Valvoline Inc., a Lexington, Ky.-based branded automotive lubricant company being spun out by Ashland Inc. (NYSE: ASH), has filed for a $100 million IPO. Renaissance Capital estimates that the offering could ultimately raise $800 million. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol VVV, with BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup and Morgan Stanley serving as underwriters. Valvoline reports $133 million of net income on $936 million in revenue for the six months ending March 31, 2016, compared to $90.5 million of net income on $973 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. www.valvoline.co"
" ServiceNow (NYSE: NOW) has agreed to acquire BrightPoint Security, a San Mateo, Calif.-based cyberthreat intelligence platform, for an undisclosed amount of cash. BrightPoint had raised over $7 million in VC funding from firms like Aligned Partners, EMC, TechOperators and Lucas Venture Group. www.servicenow.c"
 Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL) reportedly is planning to raise around $1 billion via its first-ever bond issuance in Taiwan. Read more
" DAS Health, a Tampa, Fla.-based provider of medical management software, has acquired Falcon Healthcare Systems, a Las Vegas-based provider of medical billing services to the healthcare organizations. No financial terms were disclosed. www.dr-solutions.co"
 MGM Resorts International (NYSE: MGM) has agreed to acquire the 50% stake it does not already own in Atlantic City's Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa from joint venture partner Boyd Gaming (NYSE: BYD) for $900 million. MGM Resorts will then turn around and sell the entire asset to MGM Growth Properties (NYSE: MGP) for $1.18 billion. Read more
" Salesforce (NYSE: CRM) has agreed to acquire Demandware (NYSE: DWRE), a Burlington, Mass.-based provider of cloud software for e-commerce, for around $2.8 billion. The $75 per share deal represents a 56.28% premium over yesterday’s closing price for Demandware stock, and will represent the largest acquisition ever by Salesforce. Read more"
" SoftBank Group said that it plans to sell at least $7.9 billion of its stake in Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA), including a $5 billion private placement sale and $2 billion in sales back to Alibaba. The moves could cut SoftBank’s stake in the Chinese ecommerce giant from over 32% to around 28%. Read more"
" Toyota  Motor Corp. is in talks to buy robotics groups Boston Dynamics and Schaft from Google parent Alphabet Inc., according to the Nikkei. Read more"
" Abac Capital, a mid-market private equity firm focused on Spain, has closed its debut fund with €320 million in capital commitments. MVision Private Equity Advisers served as placement agent.  www.abaccapital.com/e"
 Inflexion Private Equity has closed its fourth lower middle-market private equity fund with £250 million in capital commitments It also has raised £250 million for a “supplemental” fund that will co-invest alongside the UK-based firm’s £650 million flagship buyout fund. www.inflexion.co
 The Maryland State Retirement and Pension System board has increased its private equity target allocation from 10% to 11%has approved a reorganization of its asset allocations and has increased it private equity target from 10% (its current allocation is 9.4% of its $44.7 billion system). www.sra.maryland.go
" MidOcean Partners is raising up to $300 million for a “tactical credit” fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.midoceanpartners.co"
" Navis Capital Partners is raising up to $182 million for a new private equity fund focused exclusively on mid-market investment opportunities in Malaysia, according to Private Equity International. Read more"
" Parthenon Capital Partners, a middle-market private equity firm with offices in Boston and San Francisco, has closed its fifth fund with $1 billion in capital commitments. www.parthenoncapitalpartners.co"
 Romulus Capital has closed its third seed-stage tech fund with over $75 million in capital commitments. www.romuluscap.co
" Nareg DerManuelian has joined BBVA as head of digital M&A activities, according to his LinkedIn account. He previously was a senior VP with Citi Ventures. www.bbva.co"
" Joakim Karlsson is stepping down as co-managing partner of Nordic Capital, and will lead the firm’s Swedish and industrial sector deals going forward. The move leaves Kristoffer Melinder as the European private equity firm’s sole managing partner. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"I am on the record as liking Uber. I like its service, which has revolutionized urban mobility by improving convenience, taking cars off the road, and (most likely) reducing incidents of impaired driving. I'm partial to its swashbuckling style, particularly when confronting taxi interests and municipal regulators who are more concerned with self-preservation than the good of their customers/constituents. And I think that many of the most disquieting complaints about Uber—particularly when it comes to the safety of female passengers—are exaggerated for the sake of grievance clickbait."
But I don't like Uber right now. Not today. Not after this.
"The ride-hailing giant disclosed last night that it has secured a whopping $3.5 billion investment from Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund, and that PIF managing director Yasir Al Rumayyan will join its board of directors."
"Put another way: Uber has taken a $3.5 billion investment from a government that effectively prohibits women from driving—let alone driving for Uber. Uber also has accepted a $3.5 billion investment from a government that requires women to have male guardians. Uber also has accepted a $3.5 billion investment from a government whose court system has sentenced men to jail time and corporal punishment for the ""crime"" of homosexuality—not to mention all of the harsh sentences, sometimes including death, for political protest."
"Moreover, this is no passive investment. By naming political appointee Al Rumayyan, the company has basically invited the Saudi government into its board room. To my knowledge, no other Silicon Valley startup has a director from the sovereign wealth fund of a repressive political regime."
"Uber CEO Travis Kalanick won't publicly comment on any of this (at least not yet), but sources close to the company lay out three basic defenses:"
"1. This investment is actually good for Saudi women, which make up around 80% of Uber's current user base in the country. The argument here is about improved mobility, particularly when being able to get to work or school. Unfortunately, it rings very hollow. First, the only reason for the massive gender imbalance in Uber users is because of the aforementioned prohibition against women drivers. Second, Uber already was operating (and expanding) in Saudi Arabia before the $3.5 billion investment. There is no reason to believe this deal will put more Ubers on Saudi roads. Third, Uber sources say that, on the one hand, Al Rumayyan's job responsibilities are purely financial—but, on the other, that his directorship could give Uber some political influence in Saudi. That's a surge-priced contradiction right there."
"2. Uber needed the money, and where else are you going to get $3.5 billion? No doubt, it must be tough to fundraise after you've already tapped out venture capitalists, private equity firms, mutual funds, hedge funds, Wall Street high-net worth clients, and strategic corporate and other sovereign wealth funds (yes, including from noxious Qatar). But there is another option: Go public. Pretty sure Uber could have raised at least $3.5 billion via an IPO."
"3. Plenty of other companies, including Apple, cozy up to problematic regimes. Moreover, the Saudi PIF holds shares in all sorts of publicly-traded U.S. companies (and, of course, holds U.S. treasuries). But Uber remains private, meaning that it has full discretion over who does, and who doesn't, purchase its stock. This is supposed to be one of the side benefits of not going public. And, again, it gave PIF a board seat."
"""It goes to the heart of who Travis is,"" says one Uber investor. ""He just doesn't give a shit about optics. Ever."""
"But this is about more than optics, although clearly the optics of this are worse for Uber than they would be for most any other Silicon Valley startup. It's about sometimes being willing to make hard choices that might not directly benefit the company in the short term, but could help its customers in the long term. Uber could have easily continued providing Saudi women with greater mobility while simultaneously denying the Saudi government the opportunity for a financial gain until it accelerates reforms."
"I'm not so naive as to think that the Saudi government will base policy on the back of a $3.5 billion investment (or lack thereof), but it could have been a decent poke at the dam. But rather than trying to be a maker, it chose to be a taker."
" In other news... There are all sorts of other big industry stories that have broken in the past 24 hours or so, but this column is already too long. So let's just link around and return to some of these tomorrow"
Former CalPERS CEO Fred Buenrostro has been sentenced to 4.5 years in jail for his role in a private equity pay-to-play scheme. Read more.
"Fugitive venture capitalist Ifty Ahmed, already indicted for insider trading and fraud, is now facing new charges that he effectively embezzled around $54 million from his former firm, Oak Investment Partners. Read more."
"A Delaware court ruled that Dell Inc. shortchanged former shareholders via its 2013 buyout, by around 21% (or the difference of $3.87 per share). Or, put another way, the court said that Michael Dell and Silver Lake were indeed getting the steal that Carl Icahn accused them of getting (even though no other suitor offered up a superior bid). Got to wonder if certain EMC shareholders took note.. Read more."
"The SEC yesterday announced an agreement whereby Maryland-based Blackstreet Capital Management will pay more than $3.1 million to settle charges that it acted as a broker-dealer without registering as a broker-dealer. LPs were aware of its activities, but that didn't excuse the lack of registration. Blackstreet is a small private equity firm, but big ones will certainly be taking note. Read more."
" Vista Equity Partners has agreed to acquire Ping Identity, a Denver-based provider of authentication software for company employees. No financial terms were disclosed. Ping Identity reportedly had been considering an IPO, and has raised around $140 million in VC funding from forms like KKR, DFJ, Appian Ventures, General Catalyst, Ten Eleven Ventures, Sapphire Ventures and Volition Capital. Read more"
" WalkMe, a San Francisco-based guidance engagement platform for the enterprise market, has raised $50 million in Series E funding led by Insight Venture Partners at what TechCrunch reports is a post-money valuation of around $400 million. Existing shareholders include Greenspring Associates, Scale Venture Partners, Giza Venture Capital and Gemini Israel Ventures. Read more"
" EarlySense, an Israel-based provider of “contact-free continuous monitoring solutions” for healthcare facilities, has raised $25 million in new VC funding. Bank Hapoalim led the round, and was joined by return backers like Pitango Venture Capital and JK&B Capital. www.earlysense.co"
" Cognical (d.b.a. Zibby), a New York-based lease-to-own payment option for in-store and online shopping, has raised $12.5 million in Series B funding. Victory Park Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Blumberg Capital and Tribeca Venture Partners. www.zibby.co"
" Tile, a San Mateo, Calif.-based maker of smart location devices, has raised $18 million in Series B funding. Bessemer Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers GGV Capital, Khosla Ventures, Tandem and Tencent. www.thetileapp.co"
" Strata Oncology, an Ann Arbor, Mich.-based provider of tumor sequencing to advanced cancer patients and a portfolio of matching clinical trials, has raised $12 million in Series A funding. Arboretum Ventures and Baird Capital co-led the round, and were joined by return backer Michigan eLab. www.strataoncology.co"
" SevenFifty, a New York-based online platform for wholesale alcohol sales, has raised $8.5 million in Series A funding. Formation 8 led the round, and was joined by Pritzker Group VC. www.sevenfifty.co"
" TheSkimm, a millennial-targeted newsletter publisher, has raised $8 million in Series B funding. 21st Century Fox led the round, and was joined by return backers Homebrew, RRE Ventures and Greycroft. Read more"
" Thread, a London-based men’s online personal styling service, has raised £4 million in new VC funding from Beringea and return backer Balderton Capital. www.thread.co"
" Droom, an Indian online marketplace for used cars, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series B funding. TechCrunch puts it at between $25 million and $30 million at a post-money valuation north of $200 million. Beenet and Digital Garage were joined by return backers Lightbox and Beenos Partners. Read more"
" ALS Ltd. (ASX: ALQ), an Australian chemicals company that is valued at just over A$2 billion, has rejected a joint takeover bid from Advent International and Bain Capital, which they say undervalues the company. Read more"
" Altor has agreed to acquire Realia Group, a Finland-based provider of real estate management and brokerage services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.realiagroup.f"
" Angeles Equity Partners has acquired a controlling stake in ERP Power LLC, a Moorpark, Calif.-based LED driver business. No financial terms were disclosed. www.erppowerllc.co"
" Apax Partners has agreed to acquire Agencyport, a UK-based provider of digital distribution software for the property and casualty insurance industry, from Thomas H. Lee Partners and Dowling Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. The deal is being done in conjunction with the formation of Duck Creek Technologies, a joint venture between Apax and Accenture, an independent insurance software platform that will house Agencyport. www.apax.co"
" Bridgeport has agreed to acquire Peyman, an Istanbul-based dried fruits and nuts producer, from Esas Holdings and company founders. No financial terms were disclosed, but Reuters puts the price-tag at around $110 million. Read more"
" Cranemere has acquired Marmite, a Swedish maker of bathroom fittings, from Polish private equity firm Innova Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. Marmite generates around $56 million in annual revenue. Read more"
" Francisco Partners has made a “substantial investment” in QGenda, an Atlanta-based provider of cloud-based automated physician scheduling solutions. www.qgenda.co"
" Genstar Capital has agreed to acquire the Operational Excellence & Risk Management business of IHS Inc. (NYSE: IHS) for an undisclosed amount. The Chicago-based business unit, which will be led by former Marsh ClearSight president Paul Marushka, provides software that helps companies manage their environmental, health, safety and sustainability processes. www.gencap.co"
" Mason Wells has acquired MGS Manufacturing Group Inc., a Germantown, Wis.-based provider of injection molded plastic components, tooling and equipment. No financial terms were disclosed. www.mgstech.co"
 OpenGate Capital has agreed to acquire the zinc chemicals production unit of Umicore (Belgium: UMI) for an undisclosed amount.www.umicore.co
" Pacific Equity Partners has agreed to acquire Patties Foods Ltd., an Australian frozen packaged foods company, for A$231 million, or A$1.65 per share (24% premium to Friday’s closing price). Read more"
" PT Telekom, Indonesia’s state-owned telecom operator, has terminated a deal whereby it would team with Japanese private equity firm Advantage Partners to acquire Guam’s AP Teleguam Holdings Inc. for around $300 million. No explanation was provided. Read more"
" Veritas Capital has completed its previously-announced purchase of the healthcare services business of Verisk Analytics Inc. (Nasdaq: VRSK), a Waltham, Mass.-based provider of data analytics, for $820 million. www.verisk.co"
" Clearside Biomedical Inc., an Alpharetta, Ga.-based developer of therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye, raised $50 million in its IPO. The company priced 7.2 million shares at $7 per share, compared to original plans to offer 4 million shares at between $14 and $16 per share. The pre-revenue company will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol CLSD, while RBC Capital Markets served as lead underwriter. Shareholders include Hatteras Venture Partners (28.4% pre-IPO stake), RMI Investments (12.5%), Santen Pharmaceutical Co. (9.2%), GRA Venture Fund (7.2%), Aju IB Investment, Cormorant Asset Management, Perceptive Advisors and Rock Springs Capital Management. www.clearsidebio.co"
"  JELD-WEN Holding, a Charlotte, N.C.-based residential door and window manufacturer, has filed for a $100 million IPO. Barclays and Citigroup are serving as lead underwriters. The company reports $98 million in net income on $3.44 billion in revenue for the 12 months ending March 26, 2016. Jeld-Wen was acquired for $871 million by Onex Partners in 2011. www.jeld-wen.co"
"  Nant Health LLC, a Culver City, Calif.-based personalized healthcare company led by Patrick Soon-Shiong, raised $91 million in its IPO. The company priced 6.5 million shares at $14 per share (middle of offering range), for an initial market cap of around $1.65 billion. It reports a $72 million net loss on $58 million in revenue for 2015. NantHealth will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol NH, with Jefferies and Cowen & Co. serving as lead underwriters. Shareholders include Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Celgene Corp., BlackBerry Corp., Kuwait Investment Authority and Verizon Ventures. www.nanthealth.co"
" Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) has agreed to acquire Vogue   International  LLC, an Orlando, Fla.-based shampoo maker that is 49%-owned by The Carlyle Group, for $3.3 billion in cash. Read more"
" Infoblox Inc. (NYSE: BLOX), a Santa Clara, Calif.-based provider of network control and security solutions, has hired Morgan Stanley to defend against activist investors, according to Bloomberg. The company has a current market cap of around $1.1 billion, and has been targeted by Starboard Value. Read more"
 Actis has closed its third Africa-focused private equity real estate fund with more than $500 million in capital commitments. www.act.i
" The Carlyle Group confirmed that Olivier Sarkozy, head of the firm's financial services group, is transitioning into a senior advisor role. It also said that managing director John Reddit and new hire Brian Schreiber (ex-AIG) will co-lead financial services going forward. www.carlyle.com"
 Colin Granger has joined British private equity firm YFM Equity Partners as an investment director focused on Southern England. He previously was with Milestone Capital. www.yfmep.co
"  Mike Salvino, group CEO of Accenture Operations, has joined private equity firm Carrick Capital Partners as an operating partner, effective September 6. www.carrickcapitalpartners.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Fred Buenrostro once was CEO of the California Public Employees’ Retirement System, the nation’s largest public pension and one of its most influential institutional investors. Now he’s heading to prison for his role in a pay-to-play scheme that funneled pensioner monies into certain private equity funds for the benefit of a friend."
"Buenrostro is not one of the financial titans who enabled the financial crisis, but he’s no small fish."
"“I’m humiliated, embarrassed and deeply ashamed of my actions,” the former pension executive reportedly told a federal judge, shortly before sentencing. But the judge didn’t go lightly, giving Buenrostro 4 1/2 years in the pen, which was six months longer than the prosecutor had requested."
"For those who haven’t followed the saga (i.e. Term Sheet noobies), here’s the nutshell version: Buenrostro was friends with Alfred Villalobos, a onetime CalPERS board member who had gone on to become a “placement agent,” helping private equity firms like Apollo Global Management secure investments for their funds. Villalobos got commissions on such placements, and bribed Buenrostro to provide him with confidential CalPERS information and help steer CalPERS to invest in Villalobos clients. And some of this was pretty explicit, as Villalobos ― who killed himself before going to trial on related charges ― stuffed around $200,000 into shoe boxes and paper bags over a series of three meetings with Buenrostro. Villalobos also paid for Buenrostro’s 2004 wedding and provided all sorts of other financial inducements."
"To be clear, there is no evidence that CalPERS suffered financially for the decisions, as many of the Villalobos client funds have generated decent returns. But the breach of trust and fiduciary duty was extreme, and should have been noticed much earlier by other CalPERS executives."
"None of the Villalobos clients were ever charged with crimes, apparently employing a successful “see no evil, hear no evil” defense."
"“This saga has now come to an end,” said current CalPERS executive Rob Feckner, in a prepared statement. “We are stewards of a sacred trust, and it must never be compromised for personal gain.”"
" Just a little bit different: Nant Health, a Culver City, Calif.-based personalized healthcare company led by Patrick Soon-Shiong, priced its IPO on Wednesday night at $14 per share, and closed its first day of trading up 39% to $19.47 per share (it's down a bit in early Friday activity). Or, put another way, a big headline win"
"But this was hardly a normal IPO. In its earlier filings, Soon-Shiong and existing investor Celgene Corp. had indicated their intentions to purchase up to $70 million of the $91 million float. That figure later got knocked down to $43 million ― $5 million of which comes from Soon-Shiong ― but that's still an extremely high percentage, even in the context of existing shareholders often buying back into biotech issuers at IPO."
"Moreover, NantHealth had sold $150,000 in Series F units on June 20, 2014 to the Kuwait Investment Office, which gave KIO the option of requiring NantHealth to redeem those shares plus 7% accrued interest if the company didn't go public by June 20, 2016 (i.e., later this month)."
" Say what? As you might imagine, I received a lot of reader email based on yesterday's column about Uber's $3.5 billion investment from Saudi Arabia (web version is here). Most of it was supportive. Some of it accused me of racism, sexism and/or incoherence. Some of the better critiques dealt with my views on VC/PE firms that take money from the same source, and also Saudi holding so much U.S. debt"
"I'll delve into this more next week during mailbag, but my very very very short responses on those points: (1) Yes, tough to make a line of demarcation. But, for me, the board seat and relatively large ownership percentage moves it from passive to active, and that's a significant difference. (2) Governments and companies are apples and oranges. If Uber were to launch an army, we wouldn't say: ""Well, that's fine because the government does it."""
" Where in the World? I'll be attending (and covering) both the Republican and Democratic conventions this summer for Fortune. If you're planning to be at either one, please let me know. Either for interviews or beers. Or both"
 Have a great weekend..
" Udemy, a San Francisco-based marketplace for online educational courses, has raised $60 million in new VC funding from South Africa’s Naspers Ventures. Read more"
" Glassdoor, a Mill Valley, Calif.-based employer review marketplace, has raised $40 million in new VC funding. T. Rowe Price led the round, and was joined by return backers Battery Ventures, Google Capital, Sutter Hill Ventures and Tiger Global. The company has now raised around $200 million in total VC funding. www.glassdoor.co"
" Qumulo, a Seattle-based provider of enterprise data storage solutions, has raised $32.5 million in Series C funding. Allen & Co., Top Tier Capital Partners and Tyche Partners were joined by return backers Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Madrona Venture Group, Highland Capital Partners and Valhalla Partners. Read more"
" Loot Crate, a Los Angeles-based commerce and community platform for entertainment and pop culture fans, has raised $18.5 million in Series A funding. Upfront Ventures led the round, and was joined by Breakwater Investment Management, Downey Ventures, M13, Sterling.VC and Time Inc. (parent company of Fortune). www.lootcrate.co"
" FanXchange, a Toronto-based provider of white-labeled live event ticketing solutions, has raised $5 million in new VC funding. Azure Capital Partners and Plaza Ventures were joined by return backers like Gibraltar & Co. www.b2b.fanxchange.co"
" Notion, a Denver-based maker of an IoT home awareness system, has raised $3.2 million in seed funding from Liberty Mutual Strategic Ventures and XL Innovate. www.getnotion.co"
" Vium Inc. (f.k.a. Mousera), a “living informatics” platform for preclinical drug discovery and development, emerged from stealth mode yesterday. The company had quietly raised more than $33 million since 2013 from firms like Lux Capital, Data Collective, Founders Fund, Dolby Family Ventures and AME Cloud Ventures. www.vium.co"
" Avenger Flight Group, a Ft. Lauderdale, Fla.-based provider of flight simulator training and services to civil aviation clients, has secured an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Seacoast Capital and Patriot Capital. www.afgsim.co"
" Bain Capital and PAG Asia Capital are considering acquisition offers for Takata Corp., the Japanese auto air-bag manufacturer that already has received takeover interest from KKR, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" The Blackstone Group and The Carlyle Group have bailed on the auction for Canadian drugmaker Concordia Healthcare Corp. (TSX: CXR), sending the company’s stock down by as much as 21% in trading yesterday. Read more"
" CST Brands Inc. (NYSE: CST), a San Antonio, Texas-based convenience store chain with a $3.4 billion market cap, has received first-round takeover bids from Seven & I Holdings (the Japanese parent company of 7-Eleven), Canada’s Couche-Tard Inc. (TSX: ATD) and a private equity pairing of Apollo Global Management with The Blackstone Group, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Distribution International Inc., a Houston, Texas-based distributor and fabricator in the mechanical insulation market, has acquired certain assets of Spokane, Wash.-based Johnson Insulation LLC. No financial terms were disclosed. Distribution International is a portfolio company of Advent International. www.distributioninternational.co"
" Equistone has acquired ChartCo Ltd., a London-based provider of digital navigation and voyage compliance services to the marine industry, from ECI Partners at an enterprise value of £55 million. www.chartco.co"
" Providence Equity Partners has agreed to acquire a majority equity stake in OEConnection LLC, a Richfield, Ohio-based provider of auto parts technology for OEM distribution networks. No financial terms were disclosed. Existing OEConnection shareholders Ford Motor Co. and General Motors each will retain 15% minority stakes. www.oeconnection.co"
" Riverstone Holdings has agreed to acquire Talen Energy (NYSE: TLN), an Allentown, Penn.-based power generation company, in which it already held a 35% stake. Talen was spun off by PPL Corp. (NYSE: PPL) just a year ago, and is being valued by this deal at $5.2 billion (including debt), with Riverstone paying $14 per share (56% premium to March 31 price, after which reports of a possible deal surfaced). Read more"
" Sun Capital Partners has completed a dividend recap for portfolio company Spectralink, a Boulder, Colo.-based provider of on-site enterprise wireless communications devices. Financing was provided by The Private Bank & Trust Co., although specific details were not disclosed. Sun Capital acquired Spectralink back in May 2012. www.spectralink.co"
" Thoma Bravo has agreed to acquire Qlik Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq: QLIK), a Radnor, Penn.-based provider of business intelligence software, for approximately $3 billion, or $30.50 per share. Other early suitors had included Bain Capital and Permira. Read more. Read more"
" Blue Coat Systems Inc., a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based security software company owned by Bain Capital, has filed for a $100 million IPO (although earlier news reports suggest it plans to raise up to $500 million). The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol BLCT, with Morgan Stanley and J.P. Morgan serving as co-lead underwriters. The company reports a $232 million net loss for the approximately 12 months ending April 30, 2016. Read more"
" Cleopatra Hospital Co., an Egyptian hospital group owned by Abraaj Group, raised around US$40.5 million via an IPO on the Egyptian Exchange. Read more"
" Impinj Inc., a Seattle-based provider of UHF RFID solutions, has filed for a $60 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol PI, with RBC Capital Markets, Pacific Crest Securities and Piper Jaffray serving as lead underwriters. It reports $900,000 in net income on $78.5 million in revenue for 2015. Impinj has raised around $138 million in VC funding since its 2000 inception, from firms like Arch Venture Partners (10.7% pre-IPO stake), Polaris Partners (9.9%), Madrona Venture Group (9.4%), Mobius Venture Capital (9.2%), Intel Capital (8.1%), GF Private Equity (7%) and AllianceBernstein (5.8%). The company previously attempted to go public in 2012. www.impinj.co"
" Exar Corp. (NYSE: EXAR) has agreed to sell Integrated Memory Logic Ltd., a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of power management and color calibration solutions for the flat-panel display and LED lighting markets, to an investor group that includes E-Town Capital and Chinese semiconductor company Chipone. The deal is valued at $136 million (net of cash acquired). www.iml-inc.co"
"ClickDealer, an online ad network, has acquired the assets of Fiksu, a Boston-based mobile marketing technology company. No financial terms were disclosed. Fiksu had raised over $16 million in VC funding from firms like CRV and Qualcomm Ventures, plus another $15 million in venture debt. www.clickdealer.com"
" Pentair (NYSE: PNR) has hired Citigroup to find a buyer for its valves and control business, according to the WSJ. The deal could be valued at more than $2 billion. Read more"
" Moneta Ventures, a Folsom, Calif.-based micro-VC firm, has held a $25 million first close on its second fund ($30m target). Read more"
" Transom Capital Group, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm focused on the lower middle-markets, has closed its second fund with $133 million in capital commitments. www.transomcap.co"
" Stuart Brown has joined BV Investment Partners, a Boston-based mid-market private equity firm, as a partner. He previously was with investment bank MHT Midspan. www.bvlp.co"
" Stephen Marquardt, former CEO of British private equity firm Doughty Hanson, has joined private equity secondaries firm Coller Capital as co-head of investor relations. He will work alongside existing Coller IR chief Susan Flynn, who plans to leave the firm next year. Read more"
" Robert Smith, co-founder of Vista Equity Partners, has been named chairman of Carnegie Hall’s board of trustees. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"New money: Carmera, a New York City-based 3D mapping startup, is emerging from stealth mode with $6.4 million in new funding led by Matrix Partners with participation from Resolute Ventures, Notation Capital, Joe Montana, Bre Pettis, Semil Shah and others."
"The company is notable because it’s partnering with delivery vehicle fleets to create up-to-date maps of cities. That kind of data is desirable to anyone creating self-driving technology because it helps solve the dense, urban area problem."
"Self-driving cars are great on the open road. Call that problem solved. But dense, urban areas? Not so much. Humans are unpredictable. We jaywalk, we ride our bikes the wrong way down a one-way, we don’t alert mapping companies when we have initiated a construction project that blocks off half the road, or installed a new curb."
"The data options for identifying and predicting that sort of thing aren’t great. Google’s 3D mapping data isn’t for sale. Mapping companies like TomTom and Here don’t update their maps very frequently, and they’re only for sale to OEMs. Open source options aren’t reliable enough. Carmera aims to offer data that’s “good, but efficient, affordable, and accessible,” Gupta says."
"“While we believe in [autonomous vehicles] and the impact to society, we don’t think the enabling tech to get there should be in the hands of a few big car companies,” Gupta says."
"The mapping data that Carmera collects through its delivery fleet partners (and one of its own cars) is valuable to more than just self-driving companies. Gupta adds: “The big tech companies have way too much control over the underlying data and they’re not furthering a lot of use cases that the data could help.” Architecture firms, city planners, and others are already using its data."
"Hardi Meybaum, general partner at Matrix Partners, Carmera’s lead investor, notes, “What Ro and his team have built goes way beyond autonomous vehicles to solve very real problems for cities right now.”"
Read more about the company’s launch here.
"Burnt money: Odyssey, a college media startup that raised $30 million in funding and grew to 150 employees, has hit a rough patch. The company recently laid off staff and removed founder Evan Burns from the CEO role. Fortune’s Polina Marinova and Laura Entis (who Term Sheet readers will recognize from their fine work on this newsletter) have a gripping, detailed story of an overly ambitious startup which has fallen very short of its goals (and operated in a less-than-savory manner along the way)."
Read the whole thing here.
"IPO mishegas: While Spotify’s direct listing plans are getting lots of attention, there’s another, less buzzy way to go public without Wall Street, the Wall Street Journal recently explained. Regulation A+, a provision of the JOBS Act, is an intriguing alternative for small companies to go public. They can use Reg A+ to raise up to $50 million from any investors – not just the so-called “sophisticated” ones."
"Some of the Reg A+ stocks aren’t listed on exchanges. Some are! Myomo, a medical robotics company, plans to list on NYSE. The company views its Reg A+ IPO has an alternative to raising venture capital. It’s risky, writes WSJ:"
"Proponents of the new rules, known as Regulation A+, appear to be “willing to risk a little more fraud if the dollar risk is less,” said David Feldman, an attorney who has championed the rule and is providing legal guidance for several offerings."
"This morning’s deal roundup includes another one: Knightscope, a security company, announced a $3 million capital investment from Konica Minolta, a Japanese technology company. Of the investment, $1 million is up front and the other $2 million will be invested via Knightscope’s Reg A+ “mini-IPO” offering of Series m preferred stock, if the company hits certain milestones. Knightscope is selling 6.67 million shares at $3 each for total proceeds (after costs) of $18.3 million."
Blind item: Which billion-dollar startup makes more revenue throwing conferences than on its actual core technology?
 Grail passes an early test in its quest to find cancer in blood
 Did Apple actually change the world
 Why diversity has stalled in corporate America
 Toyota sells its final Tesla stake
…AND ELSEWHERE
Yao Ming’s private equity fund. Another valuation warning to private equity. The 17-year-old king of Musical.ly. Walmart accused of punishing workers for sick days. Amazon’s cash machine. The bitcoin comedian. Why hasn’t the peer-to-peer car rental business taken off the same way Airbnb did? How Microsoft missed mobile. Dissecting Marissa Mayer’s paycheck. How LeEco borrowed so much money. The blue collar workers at tech companies. Rapper IPO. Bunge vs. Glencore.
" Evolve Vacation Rental Network, a Denver, Colo.-based vacation rental management company, raised $11 million in funding. T. Rowe Price Associates led the round, and was joined by investors including Annox Capital, Allen & Company, and PAR Capital Ventures"
" Yogome, a digital education provider with locations in San Francisco and Mexico, raised $6.6 million in Series A funding. Seaya Ventures led the round, and was joined by Variv Capital and Endeavor Catalyst"
" DealCloud, a Hoboken, N.J.-based deal management and workflow services provider, raised $4.5 million in funding. Cultivation Capital FinTech and Hamilton Lane led the round"
" Knightscope, a Mountain View, Calif.-based developer of advanced physical security technologies, announced a $3 million funding commitment from Konica Minolta, Inc"
" Krypt.co, a Boston-based security startup, raised $1.2 million in seed funding. Rough Draft Ventures/General Catalyst led the round, and was joined by Slow Ventures, SV Angel, and Akamai Labs."
" Lorem Technologies, a New York City-based website development services provider, raised $1.1 million in seed funding. Flybridge led the round, and was joined by Founder Collective, Randy Parker and Frederick Townes"
" Owl’s Brew, a New York-based tea cocktail mixer maker, raised Series A funding of an undisclosed amount. Investors include Cambridge Companies SPG and ZX Ventures"
" Palmer Luckey, the founder of Oculus, is working on a new surveillance technology startup, according to The New York Times. The company’s technology could reportedly be “deployed on borders between countries and around military bases.” Founders Fund is planning to invest, according to the report. Read more at Fortune"
" BrainCheck, a Houston, Texas-based mobile brain health tracking platform, raised $1.5 million in funding. Investors include True Wealth Ventures"
" Blackstone Group offered to buy all shares in Sponda (HLSE:SDA1V), a Finland-based real estate investment company, for about 1.8 billion euros ($2.0 billion), according to Reuters. The 5.19 euros ($5.83) per share cash offer represents a premium of about 20.7% compared to Sponda’s last closing price. Read more"
" Osisko Gold Royalties agreed to buy a precious metals portfolio from Orion Mine Finance Group, a New York-based private equity firm specializing in mining companies, for C$1.13 billion ($839.40 million). Read more"
" GTCR has agreed to acquire Sage Payment Solutions, a Reston, Va.-based payment processing provider, for $260 million"
" Convergint Technologies, a portfolio company of KRG Capital Partners, acquired Integrated Security Systems, a Miami-based provider of security, fire and life safety solutions. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Shore Capital Partners recapitalized Behavioral Innovations, a Texas-based in-home behavior analysis therapy services provider, and formed SCP Behavioral Innovations HoldCo"
" Sentinel Capital Partners sold National Spine & Pain Centers, a Rockville, Md.-based pain management service provider. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Bregal Sagemount acquired Lux Research, a Boston-based market intelligence services provider. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. "
" Validor Capital acquired The Marwin Company, a West Columbia, S.C.-based maker of stairways and other specialty building products. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Apple and Amazon.com will join Foxconn's bid for Toshiba Corp's (TSE:6502) semiconductor business. The two companies reportedly plan to ""chip in funds.” The unit has been valued for at least 2 trillion yen ($18 billion). Read more at Fortune"
 Toyota (TSE:7203) has fully divested its stake in Tesla Motors (Nasdaq:TSLA). The stock sale occurred sometime last year. Read more at Fortune
" Investindustrial has invited Blue Pool Capital to submit a joint bid of more than 800 million euros ($900 million) for The Body Shop, a U.K.-based beauty and cosmetics manufacturer which is currently owned by L'Oreal (ENXTPA:OR), according to Reuters. Read more"
" D.R. Horton Inc offered to buy 75% of Forestar Group (NYSE:FOR), an Austin, Texas-based real estate company, for about $520 million. The $16.25 per share offer represents a 14% premium to the price offered by Starwood Capital Group to buy all of Forestar, according to Reuters. In April, Forestar agreed to be bought by Starwood for $14.25 per share. Read more"
" The sale by Petronas (KLSE:PETGAS), a Malaysia-based gas infrastructure operator, of an estimated $1 billion stake in a local upstream gas project has moved to the second round, according to Reuters. It has reportedly attracted the interest from bidders including Royal Dutch Shell and ExxonMobil Corp. Read more"
" Accenture (NYSE: ACN) agreed to acquire LabAnswer, a Sugar Land, Texas-based research and laboratory informatics technology consulting firm. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Prometheus Group acquired Pipeline Group, a Santa Ana, Calif.-based business process services provider. It also acquired Sage Technology, an Australia-based company focused on industrial safe work solutions. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Societe Generale, the French banking giant, said Monday that it plans to launch an IPO of its autoleasing unit, ALD, on the Euronext Paris. The bank may choose to list as much as 23% of ALD, or 92.9 million shares, at a range of 14.20 euro($15.97) to 17.40 euro($19.57)—potentially raising as much as $1.8 billion. ALD manages a fleet of over 1.4 million vehicles, and is expected to begin trading on the Euronext on June 16"
" Guangzhou Rural Commercial Bank, launched its Hong Kong IPO for as much as $1.1 billion Monday, Reuters reports. The bank, which is the fifth-largest rural commercial bank by assets in China, plans to list under ticker symbol “GRCB” and offer some 1.58 billion shares at a range of HK$4.99(64 US cents) to HK$5.27(68 US cents), according to a term sheet seen by Reuters. Already, units of HNA Group and Aeon Life Insurance have already pledged funding of about $195.1 million each. Pricing terms have yet to be disclosed"
" Dova Pharmaceuticals, a Durham, N.C.-based company focused on a low blood platelet count disorder, filed for an $75 million IPO Friday. The company plans to list on the Nasdaq under “Dova,” with J.P. Morgan, Jefferies, and Leerink Partners as book-running managers. PBM Capital(pre-IPO 84.8%) and Perceptive Advisors(5.4%) back the company. Dova has yet to generate revenue, and posted a loss of $27.2 million between April and December 2016"
" Athenex, a Buffalo, N.Y.-based cancer biotech company, set the terms of its IPO Friday, saying it would raise $72 million in an offering of 6 million shares. The company set per share price range of $11 to $13 with the help of lead underwriters Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan. Athenex insiders also plan to purchase about $55 million in the offering. The company, which reported revenue of $20.6 million on loss of $87.7 million, is backed by Mandra Capital (pre-IPO 16.2%), Tencent CEO Ma Huateng (9.9%), Pharminex (6.5%), and Charter Link International (6%)"
" Aileron Therapeutics, a cancer treatment biotech based out of Cambridge, Mass., said Friday that it plans to raise $69 million in its IPO. Bank of America and Jefferies are joint bookrunners in the deal, which is expected to trade on the Nasdaq under symbol “ALRN.” Pre-IPO, the company is backed by Apple Tree Partners (22.4%), Novartis BioVentures (20.8%), Glaxo Smith Kline’s S.R. One (10.6%), as well as Excel Medical Fund(8.7%), Lilly Ventures Fund(7.7%), and Roche Finance(5.3%). The company has yet to post revenue, and reported a loss of $18.1 million in 2016. Exact pricing terms have yet to be disclosed"
" Sequoia Capital, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based private equity and venture capital firm, raised more than $4 billion across four venture and growth funds in the United States, China, India and elsewhere in the world, according to filings with the SEC. It raised approximately $2 billion for its Sequoia Capital Global Growth Fund II, $899.5 million for its Sequoia Capital China Growth Fund IV, $694.8 million for its Sequoia Capital India IV, and $474.5 million for its Sequoia Capital U.S. Venture Fund XIV"
" OpenView Venture Partners, a Boston-based venture capital firm, has filed to raise $250 million for Fund V"
" Draper Esprit, a London-based private equity and venture capital firm, raised about 160 million pounds ($206 million) in funding"
" Kaszek Ventures, an Argentina-based venture capital firm raised $200 million for its third fund, Kaszek Ventures III"
" Orkila Capital, a New York-based venture capital firm, raised $118 million for its second growth equity fund, Orkila Growth Fund II. The target is $130 million"
" Michael Sackler, founder of Rooks Nest Entertainment, formed Rooks Nest Ventures, a new London-based venture capital firm with a focus on media, entertainment and technology, according to TechCrunch. It has raised £28 million ($36 million). Read more"
" Benjamin Shriner joined EdgeLine Capital Partners as a partner. Previously, Shriner was at Zelnick Media Capital"
" Nancy Wang joined California Technology Ventures as a director. Previously, Wang was at Horsley Bridge"
" John Fan joined Blumberg Capital as an associate. Previously, Fan was at Foundation Capital"
" McNally Capital promoted Adam Lerner to partner and Catherine Lien, Josh Brown and Ravi Shah to vice president"
 Macquarie Capital appointed Tom Amster as a senior managing director and Hershel Gerson as a managing director
View this email in your browser.
"Polina Marinova produces Term Sheet, and Lucinda Shen compiles the IPO news. Send deal announcements to Polina here and IPO news to Lucinda here."
Good morning!
"Junior partner exodus, continued: We’ve been chronicling the proliferation of spin-off firms launched by junior partners, but that trend is not limited to venture capital. The same thing is coming to private equity. Nothing is concrete yet, but I’m hearing junior partners at a handful of buyout firms are initiating talks with LPs to open their own shops."
"The trend coincides with buyout firms selling stakes in their management companies. In recent months, for example, TSG Consumer Partners sold a minority stake to funds backed by Kuwait and The Riverside Company sold a minority stake to Parkwood LLC. Last year Littlejohn & Co. sold a minority stake to Goldman Sachs. And last year Goldman raised a $1.5 billion fund for these kinds of deals. (Again, there’s nothing concrete to report yet, so these are just examples of the minority stake trend.)"
"Junior partners -- my shorthand for anyone not named on the Form ADV -- are not usually involved in these discussions. They may have decision-making power on deals, but they don’t have a say in what happens to the firm, or on who makes money on a minority stake sale. Most notably, the non-compete clauses are normally limited to the partners named on the ADV."
"In some cases, I’m told, junior partners are frustrated that outside investors get access to the fee stream ahead of them. As one observer noted, “It is a struggle between single digit millionaires and the founders who may be worth, on paper, hundreds of millions.”"
"Meanwhile, limited partners are wary of any potential tension created by management stake sales – they’d rather a firm incentivize its junior partners to stay. The result is that some savvy LPs are targeting junior partners at firms that have sold minority stakes and offering to be an anchor investor in a new fund. “They see an opening when the junior partners who didn't get any money and didn’t have to sign a non-compete in the minority stake sale are now tired of being left behind,” one source said. We’ll be watching to see how this develops…"
"Getting out: Harvard’s endowment is selling off $2.5 billion worth of stakes in private equity and venture capital funds, according to the Wall Street Journal. That includes some of its holdings in Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers funds. It’s part of a turnaround initiated by N.P. Narvekar, the fund’s new endowment chief. What is he backing instead of PE and VC? WSJ reports:"
"Under Mr. Narvekar, Harvard made a first-time investment in New York hedge fund Element Capital Management this April and recently invested with Cambridge Square Capital, a new Boston hedge fund launched by a former Harvard bond manager. Harvard also bought $1 billion worth of exposure to exchange-traded funds last quarter, according to a securities filing, in an attempt to track markets at a low cost."
"Harvard is also in talks to sell 8,500 acres of New Zealand dairy farms and 5,500 cows to KKR for around $70 million. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
"Getting in: At least 20% of the proceeds from the enormous Saudi Aramco IPO (if it happens) will go toward private equity. Which explains why Steve Schwarzman, David Rubenstein, Robert Smith and Masayoshi Son are putting in quality time with Yasir al-Rumayyan, who runs Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund (PIF), according to WSJ. One notable detail for those taking part in the windfall: The PIF is no passive investor. WSJ’s Maureen Farrell reports:"
"PIF is eager to secure more of a say in how funds it backs operate than a traditional limited partner would have, people familiar with its plans said. It could have input in what types of investments these buyout funds make or have veto power over new investments. The sovereign-wealth fund will also likely pay significantly lower fees than other investors do, according to industry experts, because of its size and because it often makes the first seed investment, giving it more leverage."
 Mickey Drexler steps down from TPG and Leonard Green-backed J. Crew
 Docker lost its head of product
 Lyft partners with Nutonomy for self-driving tech; no word on what this means for its partnership with GM and Cruise
 Is synthetic oil worth the money
 Ray Dalio thinks Trump’s Paris decision will backfire
 Uber hired a Harvard professor to help with leadership issues
 Yesterday Apple hosted its WWDC conference. Check out Fortune’s coverage
" Updates to the iPad Pro, People are keeping their phones longer, the App Store will finally be overhauled, Safari now blocks auto-play videos, Homepod"
…AND ELSEWHERE
A big long Q&A with Steve Schwarzman. Why the car-sharing market hasn’t taken off the same way Airbnb has. (This link was missing in yesterday’s edition.) Blockchain job ads surge. Digital privacy is making antitrust concerns relevant again. The baroque phase of the scam economy. The walls keep closing in on John Paulson. Worker protections viewed with new skepticism under Trump. Why old-timey jobs are hot again.
" Netskope, a Los Altos, Calif.-based cloud security provider, raised $100 million in Series E funding. Lightspeed Venture Partners and Accel led the round, and were joined by Social Capital, Iconiq Capital, Sapphire Ventures and Geodesic Capital. Read more at Fortune."
" Coinbase, a San Francisco-based bitcoin wallet and platform, is in talks with potential investors to raise $100 million or more in a new round of funding at a valuation of more than $1 billion, according to The Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" The RealReal, a San Francisco-based online consignment shop, raised $50 million from Great Hill Partners, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Earlens Corporation, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based hearing aid maker, raised $73 million in Series C preferred stock funding. Vertex Healthcare led the round, and was joined by investors including Windham Venture Partners, Sightline Partners, New Enterprise Associates, Aisling Capital, Lightstone Ventures and Medtronic"
" Shipt, the Birmingham, Ala.-based online grocery delivery marketplace, raised $40 million funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Greycroft Partners, e.ventures, and Harbert Venture Partners. Read more"
" Riversand Technologies, a Houston, Texas-based provider of master data management solutions, raised $35 million in funding. Crestline Investors led the round"
" UNTUCKit, a men’s casual shirt retailer, raised $30 million from Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Trilogy Education Services, a New York-based skill-based training program developer, raised $30 million in Series A funding from Highland Capital Partners, and was joined by investors including Rethink Education and City Light Capital"
" Armis, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based enterprise IoT security company, raised $17 million in funding. Investors include Sequoia Capital and Tenaya Capital"
" Tulip, a Somerville, Mass.-based industrial IoT and advanced analytics platform, raised $13 million in Series A funding. New Enterprise Associates led the round, and was joined by investors including Pitango Venture Capital"
" Fishpeople Seafood, a Portland, Ore.-based seafood products company, raised $12 million in Series B funding. Advantage Capital Agribusiness Partners led the round, and was joined by 3x5 Partners, S2G Ventures, Encourage Capital, Blueberry Ventures and Collaborative Fund"
" Workey, an AI-based career development and recruitment platform with offices in Tel Aviv and New York, raised $8 million in Series A funding. PICO Partners and Magma VC led the round"
" Clustree, a Paris-based talent management solutions provider, raised $7.9 million in Series A funding. Investors include Creandum, Idinvest Partners, and Alven Capital"
" Freight Farms, a Boston-based provider of high-yield crop production, raised $7.3 million in Series B funding. Spark Capital led the round"
" Audioburst, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based AI-powered audio content platform, raised $6.7 million in Series A funding. Advanced Media Inc led the round, and was joined by investors including Flint Capital, 2B-Angels, and Mobileye’s investors consortium"
" Wahed, a New York-based Shari’ah compliant investment platform, raised $5 million in seed funding. Investors include Khalid Al Jassim, Laurent Nordin, Nasr-Eddine and John Elkhair"
" Wiretap, a Columbus, Ohio-based enterprise security and collaboration solutions provider, raised $4.85 million in funding. Draper Triangle Ventures and Ohio Innovation Fund led the round, and were joined by JumpStart and Rev1 Ventures"
" Quantifi, an Indianapolis-based digital advertising R&D platform, raised more than $2 million in seed funding. Investors include High Alpha Capital and Router Ventures"
" Court Innovations, an Ann Arbor, Mich.-based online court case resolution platform, raised more than $1.8 million. BELLE Michigan Fund led the round, and was joined by investors including Northern Michigan Angels, Michigan Angel Fund, the student-led Social Venture Fund at the University of Michigan"
" BookNook, an Oakland-based reading instruction technology that promotes small group learning with kids, raised $1.2 million in seed funding. Reach Capital led the round, and was joined by Urban Innovation Fund, Better Ventures, and Impact Engine"
" STRIVR Labs, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based virtual reality training software company, raised funding of an undisclosed amount from the National Football League, according to The Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" The Relish, a San Francisco-based sports media company providing content geared to female fans, raised funding of an undisclosed amount from investors including Precursor Ventures, Halogen Ventures and Slow Ventures"
" DOC+, a Moscow, Russia-based digital health company, raised $5 million in Series B funding. Investors include Yandex and Baring Vostok"
" Clayton, Dubilier & Rice agreed to acquire the Waterworks business unit, a St. Louis-based distributor of industrial and construction products, of HD Supply Holding for $2.5 billion"
" GTCR and Carlyle Group are in talks to jointly acquire U.S. contract drug manufacturer and researcher Albany Molecular Research (Nasdaq:AMRI) for $922 million in cash, according to Reuters. The $21.75 per share offer represents a premium of about 10% to Albany Molecular’s closing price on June 5. Read more."
" Warburg Pincus has committed up to $300 million to Princeton Growth Ventures, a U.S.-based telecom, media and technology buyout platform. [This item has been corrected with the right link."
" Baird Capital acquired a majority stake in CAV, a U.K.-based fluid based ice protection systems provider. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Unison Capital acquired Dinamix, a Japan-based operator of bars and restaurants. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Royal Adhesives & Sealants, which is backed by American Securities, acquired the assets of Ball Ground’s aircraft sealant repackaging business from Graco Supply. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Solera Holdings acquired Colimbra Holding B.V., a Netherlands-based provider of intelligent data management software for the automotive insurance industry. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Emergency Communications Network, a portfolio company of Veritas Capital, acquired Send Word Now, a New York-based provider of enterprise notification solutions. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Send Word Now has been rebranded as OnSolve"
" Fisher Container Holdings, which is backed by Morgan Stanley Capital Partners, acquired Packaging Products Corporation, a Mission, Kansas-based flexographic printing and converting of flexible films, bags and pouches manufacturer. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Blackstone has made an investment of an undisclosed amount in Ascenty, a Brazil-based telecommunication services company, which is backed by Great Hill Partners"
" Kidd & Company formed Logistyx Technologies, a Chesterfield, Mo.-based logistics software platform, through the merger of a coalition of software solution providers, including Advanced Distribution Solutions, Agile Network, and Pantechnik International. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Shawbrook Group Plc (LSE:SHAW) rejected a raised and final offer of 868 million pounds ($1.12 billion) from private equity groups trying to take control of the lender, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Investors led by Grupo BTG Pactual SA’s Timberland Investment Group will pay about $403 million for Weyerhaeuser’s (NYSE:WY) Uruguay timberlands and a manufacturing business, according to Reuters. Read more"
" GroupBy Inc., a Toronto-based provider of relevancy-focused eCommerce solutions, acquired Edgecase, an Austin, Texas-based product data enrichment software provider. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Relias Learning acquired WhiteCloud Analytics, a Boise, Idaho-based healthcare system analytics solutions provider. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Delivery Hero, a Berlin-based food delivery service, said Tuesday that it is preparing for an IPO on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The offering should be expected in coming months, with the company targeting proceeds of about EUR 450 million ($507 million). The company, backed by German company Rocket Internet, posed revenue of EUR 349 million($393 million) in 2016. Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley have been named joint global coordinators. UniCredit Bank, Berenberg, Jefferies, and UBS have been named as additional joint bookrunners"
" Boston Omaha Corp., a real estate and billboard company based out of Boston, Mass., announced the terms of its IPO Monday. The company plans to offer 5.5 million shares between $12 to $14 a piece, raising about $71.5 million. Company insiders plan to buy about $47 million worth in shares. Boston Omaha says it will trade on the Nasdaq under “BOMN,” with Cowen and Company as underwriter. In 2016, the company reported $3.8 million in revenue on $3.2 million net loss. Magnolia Capital Fund(pre-offering 55.6%) and Boulderado Partners(37.4%) back the company"
" Domino's Pizza meanwhile is expected to list its Russia and Turkey business in London. DP Eurasia owns the pizza’s chain’s franchises in Turkey, Azerbaijan, and Georgia, according to the Financial Times. Domino’s is the biggest pizza delivery company in Turkey, and third-largest in Russia. The size of the offering has not yet been revealed"
" Snap Inc acquired Placed, a location-based analytics and ad measurement startup, for more than $200 million, according to media reports. Placed had raised more than $13 million in venture funding from investors including Madrona Venture Group and Two Sigma Ventures. Read more."
" LDC sold its investment in A-Gas, a subsidiary of U.K.-based refrigerant recovery company A-Gas International, to KKR. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. LDC said it will make 3.3x money multiple on its original investment and an IRR of 24%"
" Aurora Capital Partners acquired Randall-Reilly, a Tuscaloosa, Ala.-based provider of B2B data and data-driven marketing services for the trucking, construction and agriculture industries. The seller was Investcorp. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
 Empire Petroleum Partners acquired Superior Transport’s consignment and wholesale motor fuels supply businesses and the related fuels transportation assets. The seller was Matrix Capital Markets Group. Financial terms weren’t disclosed
" Alpha Private Equity, a Paris-based private equity firm, raised 903 million euros ($1.01 billion) for its seventh mid-market Pan-European private equity fund"
" ACE & Company, a Switzerland-based private equity group specializing in co-investment, raised more than $120 million for its flagship buyout co-investment fund ACE Buyout III SPC"
" Steve Egli joined Raymond James as a managing director for its financial services investment banking practice. Previously, Egli was at Sandler O’Neill"
" Evan Earley joined LightBay Capital as a senior associate. Previously, Earley was at Pritzker Group Private Capital"
" David Melina joined Simon Group Holdings as a chief investment officer. Previously, Melina was at Sentry Investment Partners and Costa Kondylis & Partners"
" Ryan McDonough joined Marcus Partners as a principal with a focus on the New England market. Previously, McDonough was at Bentall Kennedy"
" Asif Giga joined Experian as a director. Previously, Giga was at Singtel Innov8 Ventures"
View this email in your browser.
"Polina Marinova produces Term Sheet, and Lucinda Shen compiles the IPO news. Send deal announcements to Polina here and IPO news to Lucinda here."
"Hello, it’s Fortune 500 day! The 2017 list is live here. For 63 years, this list has ranked the largest companies in the U.S. by revenue."
"Berkshire Hathaway hit its highest ever ranking at No. 2, surpassing Apple and Exxon Mobile. (Walmart is No. 1 for the 5th year in a row.)"
KKR got rather dramatically knocked off the list – last year it was #347; this year it’s #656. As Fortune’s Lucinda Shen explains:
"KKR earned some $5.5 billion from its investments in 2015, but that figure dropped to $109 million in 2016. That was partly due to a poor-performing bet in an energy exploration company, Samson Resources, and a slide in the value of KKR's shares of payment-tech company First Data Corp after a volatile start to 2016."
"Blackstone and Carlyle Group clock in at #503 and #869, respectively.  Icahn Enterprises, which some consider a buyout firm, ranks No. 168."
"A few other notable tidbits: Apple is the most profitable Fortune 500 company. New York state has the most Fortune 500 companies, followed by California and Texas. The median revenue for a Fortune 500 company is $11.4 billion. 41 of them are worth more than $100 billion. Oil prices are to blame for many of the 15 companies that fell off the list."
"There are 32 female CEOs, marking a new record of 6% (and up from 21 last year.) Just 18 Fortune 500 CEOs are the founders of their companies. And the biggest sector represented is utilities."
"We also have two feature stories on new entrants to the list. Michal Lev-Ram has a profile of Activision Blizzard’s plans to become the ESPN of competitive gaming. Gaming is hits-driven and few companies figure out how to building a lasting business in the category. This year Activision Blizzard entered the Fortune 500 for the first time and it’s only the third gaming company to ever join the list. (Electronic Arts was on it once in 2010 and Atari, twice in 1988 and 1989.)"
And there’s a feature story by Scott Cendrowski about new entrant Tesla’s ambitions in China.
***
"I’m calling the rest of today’s column UNPOPULAR OPINION WEDNESDAY. Feel free to weigh in if you disagree with the following takes on news from three potential, maybe, someday Fortune 500 companies:"
"🔥 Meal kits are not going to save media. Vice Media, a media company worth as much as $5 billion with a $1 billion “revenue run rate,” has launched its own meal kit business in partnership with Chef’d, a startup that creates meal kit businesses for media partners."
"I’m going to repeat an argument I made a year ago: The media industry loves a fad business model and meal kits is starting to feel that way. When daily deals were all the rage, everyone from the New York Times to glossy magazines and radio stations jumped into the fray with their own Groupon-killers. Those all, of course, went nowhere."
"Now they’re doing it again with meal kits. The Times, Men’s Health, Real Simple and Cooking Light have all ventured into meal kit partnerships. Some of them have already dissipated. In another year, I’d like to check in with Vice and the others to see where their food-in-a-box experiments have landed."
"🔥 Pinterest will be a sleeper success. Raising a round of funding from inside investors is often seen as a sign of weakness. Pinterest yesterday announced exactly that -- $150 million in new funding at a valuation of $12.3 billion. The valuation represents a slight step up from the company’s last private valuation, but only because of an increase in share count. In other words, this does not look great."
"The knock on Pinterest is that it hasn’t moved fast enough to introduce new features, to create innovative ad products, to catch up on mobile, to increase its users. It also has been fairly quiet and hype-averse, a reflection of its media-shy founder Ben Silbermann. Pinterest was founded two years before Snap, which is now publicly traded, worth $23 billion, forecasting $770 million in annual revenue. (Pinterest expects $500 million this year, sources say.)"
"However! People close to Pinterest say the financing doesn’t change the company’s plans to go public next year; this is just existing investors wanting to invest more. I am willing to bet that when Pinterest finally goes public, it will have better business fundamentals than Snap. Perhaps I’ve been brainwashed by bullish Pinterest investors and my own use of the service, which I find myself mindlessly scrolling through more often than Snapchat or Facebook. It’s also the one service that knows my purchase intent and directly influences my purchase decisions."
Pinterest plans to use the new money to expand its visual search tools and improve its recommendations to users. The company says it has doubled revenue per search query since the beginning of the year.
"🔥 215:20 is not a great ratio of sexual harassment claims to firings. Uber’s internal investigation has turned up 215 claims of sexual harassment. That’s a high number for a 12,000-person company. The news that Uber had fired 20 employees as a result was unveiled at an internal meeting yesterday and publicly leaked within seconds. More heads may roll: The company is still investigating 57 of the cases."
"Meanwhile Uber has not announced any progress on its COO hunt and it’s also in the market for a new CFO, having lost finance head Gautam Gupta last week. And the much-anticipated independent report from Eric Holder is expected to be released very soon."
The silver lining is that Uber has snagged two notable hires: Harvard Business School Professor Frances Frei and Apple Music marketing head Bozoma Saint John. Saint John will focus on re-branding Uber as … the opposite of what it is now. She explained her decision in an interview with Business Insider:
"""It’s grown so quickly in such a short amount of time — and leadership and others have been so focused on growing the business — that this very moment is about changing the image of Uber and crafting what that brand story is. That hasn’t been done yet."""
She told Recode: “I know what I’m walking into.”
"IRL: I’ll be at the Fortune Venture stage at the Northside Festival in about an hour, interviewing David Pakman of Venrock. If you’re attending, say hello!"
 Did I mention it’s Fortune 500 day
…AND ELSEWHERE
Inside the Vatican’s tech accelerator. A London startup where job perks include pole dancers and human sushi platters. The Silicon Valley billionaires remaking America’s schools. Goldman Sachs dominates deal fees. Pizza cheese billionaire. Prince was a secret patron of clean-tech startups. The decline of the summer job. David Einhorn’s failed activist campaign against GM. Why failed banks need regulators. China’s robot glut. Accounting freakout!
" Pinterest, a San Francisco-based social pinning site, raised $150 million in funding from a group of existing investors at a valuation of $12.3 billion. Previous investors include Andreessen Horowitz, Fidelity, and Bessemer Venture Partners, although it's unclear which of them agreed to invest again. Read more at Fortune"
" Illumio, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based cloud security startup, raised $125 million in Series D funding. J.P. Morgan Asset Management led the round. Existing investors Andreessen Horowitz, General Catalyst, 8VC, Accel and DCVC participated. Read more at Fortune"
" Cadre, a New York-based real estate startup, raised $65 million in Series C funding. Andreessen Horowitz led the round, and was joined by Jim Breyer, Ford Foundation, General Catalyst Partners, Goldman Sachs, Khosla Ventures, and Thrive Capital"
" Coursera, a Mountain View, Calif.-based online education platform, raised $64 million in Series D funding. GSV Asset Management led the round, and was joined by New Enterprise Associates, Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers, Learn Capital, and the Lampert Foundation. The company is valued at approximately $800 million, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Plume Design, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based provider of WiFi solutions, raised $37.5 million in funding. Investors include Comcast Cable, Samsung Venture Investment Corporation, Presidio Ventures, Liberty Global Ventures, Shaw Ventures, and Jackson Square Ventures"
" Plynk, a Dublin-based money messaging app platform, raised 25 million euros ($28 million) in Series A funding. Swiss Privée Ltd led the round. [This item has been updated to reflect the correct funding amount."
" Yubico, a Sweden-based enterprise authentication solutions provider, raised $30 million in funding. Investors include New Enterprise Associates, the Valley Fund, and Bure"
" Scout RFP, a San Francisco-based cloud strategic sourcing platform, raised $15.5 million in Series B funding. Menlo Ventures led the round, and was joined by New Enterprise Associates. [This item has been updated to reflect the correct headquarters city."
" Autopilot, a visual marketing software provider with offices in the U.S. and Australia, raised $12 million in funding. Blackbird Ventures led the round, and was joined by investors including Rembrandt Venture Partners, Salesforce Ventures and Southern Cross Venture Partners"
" BAM, a cash management provider for the transportation industry, raised $10 million in funding. Millstone Capital Partners led the round"
" Misterb&b, a Paris-based short-term apartment rental platform focused on the LGBTQ community, raised $8.5 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Project A and Ventech. Read more"
" Tractable, a London-based deep learning company specializing in computer vision, raised $8 million in Series A funding. Ignition Partners led the round, and was joined by Zetta Venture Partners, Andy Homer, Scott Roza, Tony Emms, Greg Gladwell, and Stuart Bartlett"
" Stem, a Los Angeles, Calif.-based financial platform for musicians and content creators, raised $8 million in Series A funding. Evolution Media and Aspect Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by Upfront Ventures"
" Minerva, an Israel-based endpoint security solutions provider, raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Amplify Partners led the round, and was joined by investors including StageOne Ventures and Webb Investment Network"
" Chewse, a Los Angeles, Calif.-based online catering provider, raised $7.3 million in Series B funding, according to TechCrunch. Foundry Group led the round, and was joined by Telegraph Hill Capital, Rocketship VC and Galvanize. Read more"
" Mercadoni, a grocery delivery platform with operations in Colombia, Argentina and Mexico, raised $6.2 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Axon Partners Group and Grupo Pegasus led the round. Read more"
" Savonix, a San Francisco-based digital neurocognitive assessment platform, raised $5.1 million in Series A funding. DigiTx Partners led the round, and was joined by Rethink Impact"
" Singa, a Helsinki, Finland-based digital karaoke service provider, raised €1.75 million ($2 million) in seed funding, according to TechCrunch. Initial Capital led the round, and was joined by Tamares Holdings, Superhero Capital, Reaktor Ventures, and Tekes. Read more"
" Shortlist, a talent management platform with offices in San Francisco and New York, raised $1.5 million in seed funding. Investors include Impulse VC, FundersClub, and Alchemist Accelerators. Read more"
" Trice Medical, a King of Prussia, Penn.-based provider of private diagnostics solutions focused on micro-invasive technologies, raised $19.3 million in Series C funding. Investors include Smith & Nephew, Safeguard Scientifics, HealthQuest Capital and BioStar Ventures"
" Neuronetics, a Malvern, Penn.-based medical device company developing non-invasive therapies for psychiatric and neurological disorders, raised $15 million in Series G funding. Investors include Ascension Ventures, Accuitive Medical Ventures, GE Ventures, Interwest Partners, New Leaf Venture Partners, Onset Ventures, Polaris Venture Partners and Three Arch Partners"
" Lung Therapeutics Inc, an Austin, Texas-based clinical stage pharmaceutical company, raised $14.3 million in Series B funding. Bios Partners led the round, and was joined by the UT Horizon Fund"
" KKR made a $1.7 billion takeover offer for Vocus Group Ltd (ASX:VOC), an Australia-based telecommunications company, according to Reuters. KKR made a non-binding indicative offer to buy Vocus Group’s shares for A$3.50 ($2.65) in cash, a 22% premium to the stock's closing price the previous day. Read more"
" Bain Capital Private Equity acquired a controlling stake in Hugel (KOSDAQ:A145020) for KRW 927.5 billion ($831 million), according to Private Equity International. Read more"
" Ardian Infrastructure has agreed to acquire a 49% stake in Autovia Padana, an Italy-based operator of the A21 Piacenza-Cremona-Brescia motorway. The transaction price is approximately 80 million euros ($90 million)"
" Advent International acquired a majority stake in GMD, a Peruvian IT services fir and subsidiary of Graña y Montero SAA for $84.7 million"
" Rutland Partners made an investment of an undisclosed amount in Aston Barclay, a U.K.-based car auction group. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" CI Capital Partners acquired a majority interest in SavATree, a Bedford Hills, N.Y.-based landscape maintenance service provider. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" BlackRock acquired First Reserve Energy Infrastructure Funds, the equity infrastructure franchise of First Reserve. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Wind Point Partners acquired Valicor Environmental Services, a Middletown, Ohio-based provider of non-hazardous wastewater treatment services in North America. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Exari, which is backed by Beacon Equity Partners, acquired Adsensa, a U.K.-based provider of contract data discovery and analytics. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (NYSE:VRX) is in talks to sell its Bausch & Lomb unit's surgical products business to Germany's Carl Zeiss Meditec AG (XTRA:AFX), according to Bloomberg. The deal would value Valeant's eye-surgery assets at about $2 billion. Read more"
" Datatec unveiled plans to sell its Westcon-Comstor American, a U.S.-based distributor of technology and services for network security and data centers, to Synnex Corp (NYSE:SNX) in a deal worth up to $800 million, according to Reuters. Synnex would also buy 10% of Westcon-Comstor operations outside the United States for $30 million with an option to double that within 12 months, valuing the unit at around $1.1 billion. Read more"
" New World Department Store China (SEHK:825) said its parent firm New World Department Store plans to take it private for HK$934.5 million ($120 million), according to Reuters. The HK$2 ($0.26) per share offer represents a 50.4% premium to New World Department Store China’s previous close. Read more"
" Anders Holch Povlsen, owner of Danish fashion retailer Bestseller, is buying a stake of at least 10% in Klarna, a Sweden-based online payment solutions provider, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Ignite Restaurant Group (OTCPK:IRGT), owner of the Joe's Crab Shack casual dining chain filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, according to Reuters. It plans to sell the company for at least $50 million to a private equity firm. Read more"
" Allergan (NYSE:AGN) plans to buy privately-held medical device company Keller Medical Inc., a Stuart, Fla.-based developer a funnel used during breast surgery procedures. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Emaar Properties, the Dubai-based company that built the world’s largest tower, announced plans to list its United Arab Emirates real estate development business on Wednesday.  Emaar plans to offer about 30% of that business. The IPO will be the largest on the Dubai markets in two and a half years, when Emaar Properties listed its shopping mall and retail subsidiary, Emaar Malls. That business was valued at $10.27 billion, or 37.7 billion dirhams, according to Reuters"
" Celltrion Healthcare, a South Korean company selling biosimilar drugs, said Wednesday that it plans an offering of at least $799.6 billion won, or $712.7 million, sometime next month on the Korean exchange. According to Reuters, Celltrion plans to sell 26.6 millions shares priced between 32,500 won ($28.91) to 41,000 won($36.47). UBS and Mirae Asset Daewoo are advisors in the listing"
" Investcorp agreed to acquire Abax AS, a Norway-based vehicle monitoring software company, for $210 million. The seller was Norvestor Equity AS"
" Alteryx, Inc. (NYSE: AYX) acquired Yhat., a Brooklyn, N.Y.-based data science software company. Yhat raised approximately $2.6 million in venture funding from investors including Boldstart Ventures, Contour Venture Partners, Ignition Partners, KEC Ventures, and RRE Ventures. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Highland Capital Management acquired Structural and Steel Products, a Fort Worth, Texas-based manufacturer and distributor of highway safety products. The seller was Merit Capital Partners"
" Ideal-Tridon, which is backed by Industrial Growth Partners, acquired Fast-Lok, a maker of hose clamps, strapping, buckles and various installation tools. The seller was Deco Products. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Evolution Midstream, which is backed by EnCap Flatrock Midstream, agreed to acquire Rowdy Gas Gathering System, a Wyoming-based system composed of about 1,000 miles of gas gathering lines. The seller was Lucid Energy Group. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Causeway Media Partners, a Boston-based venture capital firm, raised $207.3 million for a second venture fund, Causeway Media Partners II"
" Kasikorn Bank, a Thailand-based commercial banking provider, raised approximately 1 billion THB ($29.4 million) for its inaugural fintech fund, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Michael Hirsch joined JEGI as a managing director. Previously, Hirsch was at Piper Jaffray"
 Michael Segal was promoted to a vice president at Bessemer Venture Partners
" Andriy Mykhaylovskyy joined Fifth Wall as a principal and COO. Previously, Mykhaylovskyy was at Elliott Management"
" Landon Tucker joined Fifth Wall as an entrepreneur-in-residence. Previously, Tucker was at Nelson Peltz’s Trian Fund Management"
View this email in your browser.
"Polina Marinova produces Term Sheet, and Lucinda Shen compiles the IPO news. Send deal announcements to Polina here and IPO news to Lucinda here."
Below is my column from the latest issue of Fortune. Apologies if this concept sounds a tiny bit familiar to dedicated Term Sheet readers…
"It is a weekday afternoon in May, and a dozen young women are dabbing themselves with expensive creams, serums, and balms in the Glossier showroom, a tiny, light-filled beauty sanctuary on the sixth floor of an office building in downtown Manhattan. Even the cosmetics startup’s employees, whose dewy complexions match their millennial-pink jumpsuits, are participating."
"Some of the women are here to shop for Boy Brow eyebrow gel and Balm Dotcom salve, but that’s not really the point of the space. As Glossier CEO Emily Weiss recently explained at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference, the women are present because they want to be a part of something. “While the sales are through the roof and defy all odds, what’s more interesting are the girls who come once a week because they want to feel the energy in the room,” Weiss declared. “I can’t say that about large beauty retailers.” The showroom is merely one of a dozen daily touch points, digital and physical, that Glossier has with its fans."
"That’s the future of retail, according to a new breed of startups that have embraced physical stores as places for “brand experiences” rather than mere sales. Consider Outdoor Voices, an athletic apparel brand that has gained a cultlike following among young, primarily female fitness enthusiasts. The company’s four stores are home base for gatherings like “dog jogs,” community yoga, and brunch parties. As CEO Tyler Haney explained at the TechCrunch event, its stores “are not about revenue, but community.”"
"A statement like that might induce eye rolls from a traditional retail executive. But it’s worth considering in a year when store closings are on pace to break a 20-year record. Macy’s, Sears, J.C. Penney, Staples, and Kmart are all shuttering stores this year. Payless, the Limited Stores, Wet Seal, MC Sports, Gander Mountain, and Rue21 declared bankruptcy in 2017. The retail landscape is so ugly that CEOs are issuing mea culpas about missing the e-commerce wave, as J. Crew’s chief recently did. “If I could go back 10 years, I might have done some things earlier,” Mickey Drexler conceded to the Wall Street Journal."
"On the flip side is Amazon, which marked its 20th anniversary as a publicly traded company amid the retail carnage. Famous for defying shareholder expectations to turn a quarterly profit, Amazon has watched its stock price soar since going public in 1997. The company is now worth about $473 billion; more than Walmart Stores, CVS Health, Walgreens, and Target combined. The behemoth has opened seven physical bookstores with plans for convenience, electronics, grocery, and home-goods shops."
"In the middle of it all are the upstarts, among them Glossier, Outdoor Voices, Warby Parker, Harry’s, Bonobos, Rent the Runway, Everlane, and Cuyana. They are leveraging newly available real estate to experiment with boutiques, showrooms, and pop-up shops. Using physical spaces to build offline community has another advantage: It’s one place where Amazon doesn’t care to compete. The company’s sensor-packed Amazon Go convenience stores, set to open later this year, won’t even have cashiers."
(Find the online version of this column here and all past magazine columns here.)
***
"All Uber all the time: To clarify from yesterday’s dispatch: Not all of Uber’s 215 HR claims were for sexual harassment. Some were for discrimination, some were for unprofessional behavior, and others were for retaliation and bullying."
"The details of certain of those Uber HR claims are beginning to trickle out. For example: Recode reports that three years ago, Eric Alexander, the president of Uber’s business in Asia Pacific, obtained the medical records of a woman who was raped by her Uber driver. He showed the records to Emil Michael and Travis Kalanick, who were reportedly suspicious that the rape was real and thought it was part of a sabotage plot by its Indian competitor, Ola. The especially salacious part that renewed calls for Travis Kalanick to be fired: Uber hadn’t fired Alexander as part of the 20 it let go – he was cut only after Recode asked about this incident."
"As predicted: The aforementioned WeWork acquisition spree begins. The company has acquired FieldLens, a New York City-based startup that provides project management tools for the construction industry. WeWork tells Term Sheet that FieldLens’ 25 employees will join the company and that it has no immediate plans to change FieldLens’ product."
Mark your calendars: I’m hearing Blue Apron plans to go public on June 29.
 Fortune feature: Howard Schultz has something left to prove
 Sidebar: Howard Schultz for President
 The original hospitality disruptor
" Fortune 500 CEOs on Trump, the economy, AI, and more"
…AND ELSEWHERE
How bots are inflating Instagram egos. The U.S. ranks 28th in the world in mobile Internet speeds. Execs don’t care about EpiPen prices. How Apple’s Siri lost its lead. BuzzFeed and TV. How Russian propaganda spread from a parody website to Fox News. Trump’s economic policy: There is no policy. This morning is all about the Comey testimony. Kalanick is meditating in Uber’s lactation room. Tiger Global’s bet on Apollo.
" Essential, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based mobile and home devices company, raised $300 million in funding at a $900 million to $1 billion valuation, according to Bloomberg. The investors were not named. Read more"
" Addepar, a Mountain View, Calif.-based portfolio analysis tech company, raised $140 million in Series D funding. Investors include Valor Equity Partners, 8VC, and Harald McPike"
" Algolia, a San Francisco-based SaaS company enabling developers to build search engines, raised $53 million in funding, according to VentureBeat. Accel led the round, and was joined by Alven Capital, Point Nine Capital, Storm Ventures, and SaaStr fund. Read more"
" Discord, a San Francisco-based Gamer chat platform, raised approximately $50 million, according to TechCrunch. Index Ventures is said to have led round at a pre-money valuation of $725 million. Institutional Venture Partners, Greylock Partners and Benchmark participated. Read more"
" IL MAKIAGE New York, a professional makeup brand with offices in New York, raised $29 million in funding from the Growth Fund of L Catterton"
" Beyond Limits, a Glendale, Calif.-based artificial intelligence and cognitive computing company, raised $20 million in Series B funding from BP Ventures"
" Obsidian Security, a Newport Beach, Calif.-based cybersecurity company, raised $9.5 million in Series A funding. Greylock Partners led the round"
" Automat, a Canada-based AI-driven conversational marketing company, raised $8.3 million in Series A funding. You & Mr Jones led the round, and was joined by Comcast Ventures and Omidyar Technology Ventures. Existing investors Relay Ventures, Real Ventures, and USAA participated"
" Viridis Learning, a New York-based education technology company, raised nearly $7.5 million in funding. Investors include Salesforce Ventures and Thayer Ventures"
" Digital Pharmacist, an Austin, Texas-based digital health company, raised $6.5 million in Series B funding. Activate Venture Partners and LiveOak Venture Partners led the round"
" Jodel, a Berlin-based social app, raised €6 million ($6.8 million), according to Tech.eu. Investors include Adam di Angelo, the Floodgate Fund, Global Founders Network and Atlantic Internet. Read more"
" NeoSurgical, a Dublin-based medical device developer, raised $5.5 million in funding. Investors include the Targeted Technology Fund 2"
" CybelAngel, a France-based big data-focused cybersecurity solutions provider, raised 3 million euros ($3.4 million) in funding from Serena Data Ventures."
" Trint, a London-based automated transcription company, raised $3.1 million in pre-Series A funding. Horizons Labs led the round"
" SalesRabbit, a Lehi, Utah-based mobile field sales software platform, raised $2.4 million in funding. Peak Ventures led the round"
" Pressboard, a Vancouver-based native ad marketplace, raised $2 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Vancouver Founder Fund led the round. Read more"
" Upbeat, a San Francisco-based PR agency startup, raised $1.5 million in funding. Investors include Draper Associates, Maverick Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers, FirstRock Capital, UpHonest Capital, Quest Venture Partners, SV Angel, 500 Startups, Stanford-StartX Fund and Y Combinator"
" Arx Defence, a Scotland-based maritime security firm, raised Series A funding of an undisclosed amount from Dreamlab Finance"
" A group of investors led by GL Capital agreed to buy SciClone Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq:SCLN) in a deal valued at about $605 million. The buyer consortium includes Bank of China Group Investment, CDH Investments, Ascendent Capital Partners and Boying"
" Thoma Bravo agreed to acquire Riskonnect, a Kennesaw, Ga.-based risk management software company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Two partners at Solamere Capital are close to completing a deal to acquire 1% of the New York Yankees, the New York-based professional baseball team. Read more"
" Marlin Equity Partners acquired True Office Learning, a provider of interactive e-learning software with locations in Atlanta and Jersey City, from Intercontinental Exchange. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" InterVision Systems, a portfolio company of Huron Capital, has merged with Netelligent Corporation, a Chesterfield, Mo.-based provider of hybrid information technology solutions. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Togetherwork, which is backed by Aquiline Capital Partners, acquired Pennington & Company, a Lawrence, Kansas-based provider of fundraising services for fraternities and sororities. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" GTCR agreed to acquire GreatCall, a San Diego, Calif.-based provider of connected health and personal emergency response services. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Morgenthaler Private Equity recapitalized Voeller, a Port Washington, Wisc.-based maker of batch plants and mixing equipment for the concrete, glass and related sectors. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" P4G Capital Partners acquired the assets of two Fort Worth, Texas-based aerospace component manufacturing companies, Fore Machine and Aero Components. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Ardian will acquire Dynamic Technologies S.p.A., an Attimis, Italy-based maker of automotive fluid-handling systems and precision aluminum parts. When the deal closes, Ardian will merge Dynamic Technologies with portfolio company Huron. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Palm Beach Capital made an investment of an undisclosed amount in Midas Utilities, Midas Flow Controls Mid-Atlantic and TV Diversified"
" Toshiba Corp (TSE:6502) will name a winner for its semiconductor business next week, according to Reuters. The choice has narrowed to bids from Broadcom, Silver Lake and Western Digital Corp. Toshiba’s chip unit is valued at $18 billion or more. Read more"
" A consortium of private equity firms TPG Capital Management, MBK Partners, and HKBN Ltd, are preparing separate bids for Hutchison Global Communications, the Hong Kong-based fixed-line telecoms unit of Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Ltd. The unit is expected to be valued at about $1.5 billion. Read more"
" Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (NYSE:VRX) said it would sell its iNova Pharmaceuticals business, an Australia-based over-the-counter medicine provider, for $930 million in cash. The unit will be bought by a company jointly owned by Pacific Equity Partners and The Carlyle Group LP. Read more"
" The JCDecaux family office, which owns outdoor advertising firm JCDecaux SA, bought a 15.4% stake in Eurazeo (ENXTPA:RF) for €790.5 million ($886.7 million). Read more"
" Microsoft (Nasdaq:MSFT) agreed to acquire Hexadite, a Boston-based cuber incident security solutions company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Key Surgical, a Minneapolis, Minn.-based operating instrument manufacturer, and Interlock Medizintechnik GmbH, a Germany-based sterile services departments product supplier, merged to create a provider of sterile processing and operating room supplies. Water Street Healthcare Partners led the merger and invested in the newly combined company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" St. Croix Hospice, an Oakdale, Minn.-based hospice service provider backed by Clearview Capital, is in the early stages of exploring a sale, according to Dow Jones"
" Sirius XM Holdings (Nasdaq:SIRI) is seeking to invest in Pandora Media (NYSE:P), an online music platform, according to Reuters. Read more."
" Shotspotter, Newark, Calif.-based company making gunshot detection software, offered 2.8 million shares at $11 a piece, within its previously stated range of $10 to $12 a piece. The company, which raised about $31 million, plans to list as “SSTI” on the Nasdaq. The company announced revenue of $15.5 million for 2016 on net loss of $6.9 million. ShotSpotter is backed by Lauder Partners(37.4% pre-offering), Motorola Solutions(15.6%), Claremont Creek Ventures(11.3), and RT Groos(10%). Roth Capital Markets is lead underwriter in the deal"
" TPG Pace Holdings, a blank check company formed by TPG, filed for an IPO to raise up to $400 million on Wednesday. The SPAC is lead by Karl Peterson, a senior partner at TPG and Co-founder of Hotwire.com. The company plans to list on the NYSE as “TPGH.U.” Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank Securities, and J.P. Morgan Securities are lead underwriters in the deal. Exact pricing terms have yet to be disclosed"
" BCG Partners CEO Howard Lutnick said Wednesday that its planned spinoff of real estate services unit, Newmark Grubb Knight Frank, should come before the end of the year, Reuters reported. The company confidentially filed a draft registration statement on a proposed IPO earlier this year"
" Cressey & Company acquired a majority stake in StatLab Medical Products, a McKinney, Texas-based diagnostic supplies manufacturer, from Prairie Capital"
" Hamilton Lane (NASDAQ:HLNE), a Bala Cynwyd, Penn.-based investment firm, raised $1.9 billion for its largest-ever fund, Hamilton Lane Secondary Fund IV, L.P"
" ShoreVest Partners, a China-based private investment firm, says it has formed a $750 million fund targeting bad debt in China, according to The Financial Times. Read more"
" World Innovation Lab, a Tokyo-based venture capital firm, raised $236 million for its second venture fund, WiL Fund II. The fund’s target is $400 million"
" Ponoi Capital, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm, will raise $150 million for its inaugural fund"
" National Geographic Society, a non-profit scientific and educational institution operator, commits $50 million of endowment to create a new impact investment program, managed by CA Capital Management. Read more"
" Lerer Hippeau Ventures, a New York City-based seed investor, has raised $28 million for LHV Select, a follow-on vehicle to support portfolio companies with later stage investments. The firm's last fund, Fund V,  raised $113 million in 2015"
" Lattice Ventures, a New York-based investment firm, raised $2 million for its maiden fund"
 Wind Point Partners promoted Konrad Salaber and David Stott to managing director and Joe Lawler to principal
 Cimbria Capital named Jens Ulrick Hansen as a managing director
" Matthew Q. Reber joined 1315 Capital as a partner. Previously, Reber was at HealthCare Royalty Partners"
View this email in your browser.
"Polina Marinova produces Term Sheet, and Lucinda Shen compiles the IPO news. Send deal announcements to Polina here and IPO news to Lucinda here."
Good morning. A pair of Friday fundraising scoops for you…
"Unicorn watch: Houzz, an online platform for home remodeling and design services, is close to finalizing a new $400 million round of funding that values the company at around $4 billion, according to a company spokesperson. The filings were uncovered by Equidate, a platform for trading stock in private companies."
"Fortune first reported that Houzz was raising a large new round of funding in April. At the time, the company had been talking to investors about raising as much as $500 million at a valuation that could top $5 billion."
A Houzz spokesperson would not elaborate on the source of the funding.
"In this round, Houzz’s share price increases from $7.49 per share to $11.28 per share. Extrapolating that price from Houzz’s $2.3 billion valuation (excluding the capital raised) gives the company a valuation between $3.8 billion and $3.9 billion. Assuming the company will increase its employee option pool with this round brings the company’s approximate valuation to $4 billion, not counting the capital raised, an Equidate analysis shows."
"Founded in 2009 by Adi Tatarko and Alon Cohen, Houzz has raised $213 million in funding prior to this new round. The Palo Alto-based company’s latest round, a $165 million Series D in late 2014 led by Sequoia Capital, valued it at $2.3 billion."
"PE in VC’s clothing: Vista Equity Partners is leading a large new round of funding in Upside, a New York-based business travel startup founded by Priceline founder Jay Walker, according to sources familiar with the situation."
"The $100 million round values Uptake at around $600 million, sources say. In January Upside raised $50 million in funding from Leucadia National and Red Ventures. That round valued the company at $200 million. An Upside representative declined to comment."
"Fortune recently interviewed Walker, who explained the company’s business model:"
"We buy travel at wholesale using private deals. Airlines and hotels are willing to discount to get the business traveler in part because they can substitute that business traveler for a less valuable leisure traveler in our system. So the suppliers say, ""As long as I don’t have to reveal the discount, I will give it to you."" This isn’t a unique idea—they give companies like IBM and GE discounts, too. But you and I can’t buy at those rates. So we accomplish that by packaging. By selling your air and hotel together, we can pass 90% of that discount along. We make our margin that way. Say a flight’s $1,000—we might buy it for $850 and sell it for $900."
"That satisfies the sellers and the employer. But what about the traveler? … The business traveler wants to maximize comfort and convenience within the limits allowed by their employer. So we pass part of the discount to the employer and part to the traveler, in the form of free gift cards, as a thank you. Notice this doesn’t change our profit margins. We’ve aligned interests. So we can make more money if we can show you how to spend less with our preferred providers, where we have a much better deal."
"M&A: L’Oréal has agreed to sell The Body Shop, its ailing personal care chain of stores, for €1 billion ($1.1 billion) to Natura Cosméticos. The company acquired the chain from its owners 11 years ago for £652 million ($1.14 billion)."
"In March I asked CEO Jean-Paul Agon about the asset, which L’Oréal had put up for sale in February. I noted that he was bullish about The Body Shop just a few years ago. What changed?"
"Jean-Paul Agon: We tried and tried and tried. And maybe in this case we are being too loyal to the brand’s spirit. Because we didn’t want to change too much, in fact, we didn’t change enough. This is always a difficult balance. You have to evolve, but also be respectful to brands. We really put in our best efforts for 10 years. I still think it’s a beautiful brand with great awareness everywhere in the world, but maybe someone else can do something better with it."
"Fortune: It’s surprising, given that the Body Shop’s whole ethos of natural, eco-friendly products has become more relevant and mainstream in the past 10 years."
"Agon: That’s true. But maybe also because it has become more mainstream, it’s less unique. There is always a flip side."
Today in Uber: More bad culture stuff….
"…and an acqui-hire deal for Luxe, the San Francisco-based parking app which employs 65 people, WSJ reports. Luxe had raised $75 million from the following new Uber shareholders: Hertz, Venrock, Acecap, BoxGroup, Cherubic Ventures, Data Collective, Eniac Ventures and GV."
Have a great weekend!
  Why Goldman Sachs could be Wall Street’s biggest winner under Trump
  The death of retail is greatly exaggerated
  Restaurants face a digital dilemma
  Theresa may stands defiant in her defeat
…AND ELSEWHERE
Inside Snap’s NYC clubhouse. Tim Draper shifts attention from China to Indonesia. The guy disrupting JPMorgan from the inside. Where China’s tech giants are investing the most aggressively. Kids are majoring in fintech.
" Wavecell, a Singapore-based cloud communications platform, raised $8.15 million in Series B funding. Qualgro and MDI Ventures led the round, and were joined by investors including Wavemaker Partners"
" Tractable, a San Francisco and London-based deep learning company focused on computer vision, raised $8 million in Series A funding. Ignition Partners led the round, and was joined by investors including Zetta Venture Partners"
" Packagd, a San Francisco-based mobile e-commerce platform focused on “unboxing” videos, raised $6 million in Series A funding. Forerunner Ventures and GV led the round. Read more at Fortune."
" Happy Plugs, a Sweden-based headphone company, raised €6 million ($6.7 million) from Scope, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" Carsome, a Malaysia-based consumer-to-retail used car platform, raised $6 million in funding. Gobi Partners led the round, and was joined by investors including Lumia Capital, Innoven, 500 Startups and Spiral Ventures"
" Shedul, a scheduling platform for the the salon and spa industry with offices in Dubai and Warsaw, raised $6 million in funding. Dubai’s Middle East Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by BECO Capital and Lumia Capital. Read more"
" Cognata, an Israel-based simulation engine for autonomous vehicle developers, raised $5 million in funding. Investors include Emerge, Maniv Mobility, and Airbus Ventures"
" SimpliField, a Paris-based SaaS solution for shops, raised $4 million in seed funding. Investors include Runa Capital, CapHorn, and 50 Partners Capital. Read more"
" Spektral, a Denmark-based visual effects company, raised $2.8 million in funding. Investors include Litecap and Amp Ventures, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" CityMD, a New York-based urgent care provider, raised funding of an undisclosed amount from Warburg Pincus"
" Canalyst, a Vancouver, British Columbia-based equity research technology provider for institutional finance professionals, raised funding of an undisclosed amount from WorldQuant Ventures"
" Conga, a Colorado-based provider of sales and business productivity solutions, raised funding of an undisclosed amount from Salesforce Ventures"
" Daily Harvest, a New York-based direct-to-consumer superfood delivery platform, raised funding of an undisclosed amount from investors including Gwyneth Paltrow, Serena Williams, Collaborative Fund, WME Ventures, 14W, and Rubicon Venture Capital. Read more at Fortune"
" Platelet Biogenesis, a Chestnut Hill, Mass.-based biotechnology company, raised $10 million in Series A funding. Qiming led the round, and was joined by investors including Vivo Capital, VI Ventures, Adena Partners and eCoast Angels"
" ECN Capital Corp agreed to acquire Service Finance Company, a Boca Raton, Fla.-based financing solutions provider backed by Flexpoint Ford, for C$410 million ($304 million) in cash. Read more"
" Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec invested $100 million in AvidXchange, a Charlotte, N.C.-based provider of payment automation solutions. The investment was part of a $300 million funding round with contributions from Mastercard, Temasek and Peter Thiel"
" TA Associates made an investment of an undisclosed amount in Biocomposites, a U.K.-based maker of calcium compound biologics"
" Sovos Brands, which is backed by Advent International, agreed to acquire Rao’s Specialty Foods Inc, a New York-based producer of pasta sauce. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Worley Claims Services, which is backed by Aquiline Capital Partners, acquired Apex Claims Service of New England, a Westfield, Mass.-based provider of daily and catastrophe commercial and residential property claims. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Home Capital Group (TSX:HCG) received takeover approaches led by private equity firms Onex and Brookfield Asset Management but is moving ahead with plans to stay independent, according to Reuters. Read more."
" Digital Realty Trust agreed to acquire fellow data center operator DuPont Fabros Technology (NYSE:DFT) in a $7.6 billion deal, according to Reuters. The $63.60 per share offer represents a premium of 14.9% to DuPont Fabros’ close. Read more"
" Yahoo (Nasdaq:YHOO) shareholders approved the company's pending sale of its core internet business to Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) for $4.48 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
 L'Oreal (ENXTPA:OR) has started exclusive talks to sell its The Body Shop business to Brazilian make-up company Natura Cosmeticos (BOVESPA:NATU3) in a possible 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) deal
" Sirius XM Holdings (Nasdaq:SIRI) will invest $480 million in Pandora Media (NYSE:P), an online music platform. This situation is developing. Read more at Fortune"
" SoftBank Group Corp (TSE:9984) will acquire Boston Dynamics and Schaft, two companies that manufacture walking robots, from Alphabet (Nasdaq:GOOGL). Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Read more"
" Bain Capital is replacing rival KKR & Co in a Japanese government-led consortium bidding for Toshiba Corp's (TSE:6502) chip unit, according to Reuters. Bain would be a minority investor in the consortium. Read more"
" Nordstrom (NYSE:JWN) is exploring a potential ""going private transaction"" that would involve the acquisition of 100% of Nordstrom's outstanding shares. Read more at Fortune"
" Tivity Health, a Franklin, Tenn.-based provider of fitness and health improvement programs, is considering a potential sale after receiving takeover interest from private equity firms, according to Reuters. Read more"
"Emaar Properties, a Dubai-based company that built the world’s tallest tower, plans to launch the IPO of its real estate development business in by November, according to Emaar chairman Mohamed Alabbar as reported by Reuters.  Emaar said earlier this week that it would offer about 30% of that business. The IPO will be the largest on the Dubai markets in two and a half years, when Emaar Properties listed its shopping mall and retail subsidiary, Emaar Malls. That business was valued at $10.27 billion, or 37.7 billion dirhams, according to Reuters."
" WeWork,a New York-based co-working startup, acquired Fieldlens, a New York-based mobile communication system for the construction industry. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Fieldlens raised more than $12 million in venture funding from investors including Borealis Ventures, SoftBank Capital, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, Moderne Ventures, and Primary Venture Partners. Read more"
" PAI Partners is in talks to sell its majority stake in DomusVi, an operator of nursing homes with offices in Spain, France, and China, to Intermediate Capital Group and Sagesse Retraite Santé. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Uber is in advanced talks to acquire much of the engineering team from Luxe Valet, a San Francisco-based on-demand parking and valet service provider, according to The Wall Street Journal. Luxe raised more than $75 million in venture funding from Acecap, BoxGroup, Data Collective, Eniac Ventures, Foundation Capital, Hertz, Venrock, and GV. Read more"
" Blackstone Group, a New York-based investment firm, raised €7.8 billion ($8.7 billion) for its Blackstone Real Estate Partners Europe V, a real estate fund that focuses on property-related transactions in Europe"
" Adelis Equity Partners, a Sweden-based private equity firm, raised $595.8 million for its second buyout fund, Adelis Equity Partners Fund II"
" Castle Creek Capital Partners, a Rancho Santa Fe, Calif.-based alternative asset management firm, raised more than $267 million for its sixth fund"
" The Geekdom Fund, a San Antonio, Texas-based venture capital fund, raised $20 million for a second venture fund"
" Christer Wiberg, Taus Wolfsberg and Christer Johansson joined Alvarez & Marsal as managing directors"
" Dylan Morris joined CRV as a general partner. Previously, Morris was at Innovation Endeavors and Integrated Plasmonics"
" Scott Leffler joined Gemspring Capital as a senior associate. Previously, Leffler was at Cerberus Capital Management"
View this email in your browser.
"Polina Marinova produces Term Sheet, and Lucinda Shen compiles the IPO news. Send deal announcements to Polina here and IPO news to Lucinda here."
"Today's big deal is that Microsoft has agreed to buy LinkedIn for $26.2 billion in cash, including around $3 billion of cash on hand, or $196 per share. The news broke as I was putting together Term Sheet, so just a few gut reactions before digging in a bit deeper (and listening to the 11:45am call):"
"1. Impressive job on both sides of this transaction, in terms of keeping it secret. Not even a strategic Sunday night leak. On the other hand, it does look like there was some serious options trading on LinkedIn stock last Friday..."
"2. This will be the largest-ever M&A deal for an Internet company, topping Facebook's purchase of WhatsApp. It also may be considered the third-largest ""tech"" acquisition of all time ― following Dell/EMC and HP/Compaq ― so long as you exclude cable/telecom deals. There also is the question about how you value Dell's own take-private, given the recent Delaware ruling that the $24.4 billion deal undervalued Dell shares by 22%, but that one makes my brain hurt too much to parse."
"3. LinkedIn CEO Jeff Weiner will continue to run the business, reporting to Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. LinkedIn co-founder and chairman Reid Hoffman (who's also a partner at VC firm Grerylock) said in the press release that he will vote his shares for the deal, but there is no mention of an ongoing role for him at Microsoft."
"4. This is the third large tech acquisition of the past week, following Vista Equity buying Marketo and last night's announcement that Symantec will purchase Blue Coat Systems. Seems to me that we're finally getting to the point where both strategic and financial buyers believe assets are under-priced (save for the asking prices of certain stubborn unicorns). Remember, LinkedIn was trading above this purchase price until the middle of January."
"  Speaking of Blue Coat: My understanding is that Bain Capital was fully intending to take the cybersecurity company public, as evidenced by the 12 investment banks listed on its latest S-1 filing. In other words, Bain was not running a parallel process ― not even making outbound calls to other third-parties after receiving the first inbound interest from Symantec a couple of months ago"
"  Microsoft Corp. (Nasdaq: MSFT) has agreed to acquire LinkedIn Corp. (NYSE: LNKD) for $26.2 billion in cash, or around $196 per share. That represents a 49.53% premium over Friday’s closing price, and represents its highest share price since mid-January. LinkedIn CEO Jeff Weiner will continue to lead the business, reporting to Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella. Read more"
"  Didi Chuxing, the Chinese ride-hailing giant, has raised $605 million in new funding from China Life Insurance (and existing Uber backer), which includes $300 million in equity and around $305 million in long-term debt. Read more"
"  Meta, a Redwood City, Calif.-based augmented reality startup, has raised $50 million in Series B funding. Backers include Horizons Ventures Limited, Lenovo, Tencent, Banyan Capital, Comcast Ventures and GQY. www.metavision.co"
"  Alpine Immune Sciences Inc., a Seattle-based developer of an immune system modulation platform, has raised $48 million in Series A funding. OrbiMed Advisors led the round, and was joined by return backers Frazier Healthcare Partners and Alpine BioVentures. www.alpineimmunesciences.co"
"  FinLeap, a German fintech incubator, has raised €21 million in new VC funding at a €121 million post-money valuation, according to TechCrunch. Return backer HitFox Group was joined by Hannover Re. Read more"
"  Ascend Consumer Finance Inc., a Los Angeles-based online lender, has raised $11 million in new VC funding. Backers include Mucker Capital, OCA Ventures, Partech Ventures, Tekton Ventures, Cendana Investments and Securian Financial Group. www.AscendLoan.co"
"  Tapp Commerce, a Finland-based mobile payment app, has raised $9 million in Series A funding from Australia-based Amma Private Equity. Read more"
"  VMob, a San Francisco-based personalization platform for retailers and quick-serve restaurants, has raised $2.3 million in VC funding from Vix Investments Ltd. www.vmob.co"
"  AiVita Biomedical, an Irvine, Calif.-based developer of a stem cell-based skin care product, has raised $2 million in Series A funding from California Technology Ventures. www.aivitabiomedical.co"
"  Cycle Computing, a Stamford, Conn.-based startup that leverages public cloud resources for high-performance computing jobs like drug research and complex quantitative financial applications, has raised its first round of outside funding from WorldQuant Ventures,  the investment arm of hedge fund Millennium Management, according to Fortune. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
"  Symantec (Nasdaq: SYMC) has agreed to acquire Blue Coat Systems, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based cybersecurity company that had been in registration for an IPO, for approximately $4.65 billion. Blue Coat owner Bain Capital, which acquired the company last year for $2.4 billion, will purchase $750 million of convertible notes in Symantec, while existing Symantec shareholder Silver Lake will double its exposure via the purchase of $500 million worth of 2% convertible notes. Read more"
"  Agic Capital has acquired Gimatic SpA, an Italian maker of robotic end-of-arm tools. No pricing terms were disclosed, but the FT puts the deal value at between €100 million and €150 million. Read more"
"  Anju Software, a Chicago-based life sciences enterprise software platform, has acquired Online Business Applications, a Woodridge, Ill.-based provider of medical communication systems and drug safety compliance software. As part of the transaction, Anju raised an undisclosed amount of new growth equity funding from Providence Equity Partners. www.irmsonline.co"
"  Bain Capital, KKR and MBK Partners are among the bidders for a 41% stake auto parts supplier Calsonic Kansei, which is being offered by Nissan Motor at an enterprise value of around $2.8 billion, according to Nikkei. Read more"
"  CVC Capital Partners, KKR and TPG Capital are among those invited to submit bids for the telecom unit of Wharf Holdings Ltd. (HK: 4), which could be worth more than $1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  Olympus Partners has acquired Ennis-Flint, a Thomasville, N.C.-based maker of road paints, from Brazos Equity Partners. No financial terms were disclosed, although an earlier Reuters report suggested the sale price could be around $1 billion. www.ennistraffic.co"
"  The U.S. Justice Department has sued to block Cision, a PR software maker owned by GTCR, from buying PR Newswire Association from UBM PLC (LSE: UBM) for $841 million. Read more"
"  Gemphire Therapeutics Inc., a Northville, Mich.-based developer of therapies for the treatment of dyslipidemia, has set its IPO terms to 3.75 million shares being offered at between $11 and $13 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $110 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The pre-revenue company  plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol GEMP, with Jefferies and Cowen & Co. serving as lead underwriters. Shareholders include Pfizer (10.9% pre-IPO stake). www.gemphire.co"
"  The Lotte Group has abandoned a planned IPO of its hotel unit that might have raised upwards of $4.5 billion. The move comes just days after South Korean prosecutors widened an existing probe into the Korean conglomerate, which has been suspected of embezzlement. Read more"
"  Twilio, a San Francisco-based provider of cloud communications software, has set its IPO terms to 10 million shares being offered at between $12 and $14 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $1.07 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol TWLO, with Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan serving as co-lead underwriters. Twilio has raised around $240 million in VC funding, most recently at a $1.03 billion post-money valuation. Read more"
" MedData Inc., a unit of MedNax (NYSE: MD), has acquired Cardon Outreach LLC, a The Woodlands, Texas-based provider of revenue cycle management services for hospitals and healthcare systems, from Serent Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cardonhealthcare.co"
 No other deals this morning
" Andreessen Horowitz has closed its fifth flagship VC fund with approximately $1 billion in capital commitments. The Menlo Park, Calif.-based firm also secured another $500 million for a parallel “overage” fund. Read more"
" Better Capital, a UK-based turnaround firm founded in 2009 by Jon Moulton, is not planning to raise another fund. Read more"
  Ares Management has closed its third European direct lending fund with €2.5 billion in capital commitments. www.ares.co
"  Daphne Dufrense is leaving RLJ Equity Partners, where she was a managing director and co-founding partner. She will continue to serve as a special advisor to the firm, but says that she wants to “pursue smaller, higher-growth companies which are outside of the investment scope of RLJ.” www.rljequitypartners.co"
"  Michael Klein has joined Harvest Partners as an advisor. He currently is vice chairman of the Automotive Aftermarket Industry Association, and is set to become chairman later this year. www.harvestpartners.co"
"  Jim Prentice, the former premier of Alberta, has joined Warburg Pincus as an industry advisor to its energy group. Prentice also served as vice chair and senior EVP of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. www.warburgpincus.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Good morning, I will try to abstain from covering every tremor in the Uber saga beyond yesterday’s analysis. (But here’s the latest: Emil Michael is out. He blames Uber’s board. Travis Kalanick, unclear. Sidenote, incredibly, Kalanick gets voting control of shares tendered by employees.)"
"In the meantime, a few random items:"
"DONE: Verizon has officially closed its acquisition of Yahoo. The closing of the deal means Yahoo has merged with AOL and is now a part of “Oath,” with Tim Armstrong as its CEO. Oath includes HuffPost, Yahoo Sports, AOL.com, MAKERS, Tumblr, BUILD Studios, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Mail and others. And wither Marissa? From the release:"
"Given the inherent changes to Marissa Mayer's role with Yahoo resulting from the closing of the transaction, Mayer has chosen to resign from Yahoo. Verizon wishes Mayer well in her future endeavors."
I continue to expect she will land at a venture or private equity firm…
"STARTUP ACCELERATORS: In the past I’ve made arguments against accelerators, against demo days, and in particular, against accelerator programs that charge money. But it should be said: Plenty of startup accelerators add lots of value! It’s just difficult to tell which ones do and which are a waste of time and equity. As Y Combinator founder Paul Graham has noted, lots of startups that go through these programs “were not accelerated.”"
"Here’s one way to do find the best programs: A new ranking financed by RICE University (where Yael Hochberg, the lead author, is an entrepreneurship professor). Taking into account data from 150 accelerator programs on factors such as valuation, exits, fundraising, survival, founder satisfaction, and alumni network, the study ranked Y Combinator and AngelPad as the nation’s top programs. AngelPad, based in New York and San Francisco, does not have a Dropbox or Airbnb in its portfolio like YC, but it boasts such portfolio companies as Postmates, Buffer, and Mopub. Other notable programs include Alchemist, Amplify LA, Chicago New Venture Challenge, Mucker Lab, StartX, and TechStars."
"SPEAKING OF TECHSTARS, Global EIR, the first non-profit to go through TechStars’ Boulder program, is dedicated to helping entrepreneurs solve immigration issues. Today Foundry Group’s Brad Feld and Silicon Valley Bank announced they are matching $200,000 in donations to the program."
"MEANWHILE, what are accelerators funding? AI bots for business, AI-powered digital assistants, temporary solutions for real estate, and smart transportation, according to Crunchbase."
"SPEAKING OF REAL ESTATE, this morning Atomico, Sequoia, GV and Fifth Wall, a venture firm focused specifically on real estate, announced a significant new real-estate focused deal for an L.A.-based storage startup called Clutter (see full details of the deal in our listings below). Fifth Wall Partner Brendan Wallace noted in a blog post that Clutter represents a new category of company called “real estate as a service.” If that sounds familiar, recall Convene, the “real estate as a service” business that recently raised $68 million."
From Wallace:
"The emerging “real estate-as-a-service” category is exploding: Airbnb, WeWork, Common, b8ta, and Clutter all fall into this category. All of these businesses monetize physical space to some extent, which is the definitional hallmark of any real estate business model, yet they also decouple the “service” of real estate from asset ownership. WeWork is selling you office space as a service , b8ta has created a physical storefront for online retailers as a service, Common is selling you a place to live as a service, and Clutter is moving and storing your belongings as a service ."
He concludes: “You don’t need to own assets to build huge real estate companies anymore.”
"WHAT ELSE are venture investors looking for? To be clear, talking about trends is as much a branding exercise for startups as it is an investment thesis for investors. But based on conversations over the last couple of months: Fin-tech is out. 💀  Insure-tech is hot. 🔥  Reg-tech is next. 📈"
"HARDWARE IS HARD: Hello, the startup behind Sense sleep tracking devices, plans to shut down. The company recently laid off most of its staff. Hello recently held discussions to sell its assets in what one source described as “a firesale” to Fitbit, but the deal fell through, according to a source familiar with the situation."
"Hello’s founder James Proud participated in Peter Thiel’s fellowship, a group of college students that Thiel pays to drop out of college and pursue entrepreneurship. It was an early mover in the now-trendy sleep category. And it had a popular campaign on Kickstarter, raising more than $2 million from backers."
"Hello went on to raise more than $40 million in venture funding from Temasek, the investment arm of Singapore, and angel investors. Its latest funding round, raised in 2015, valued the company as high as $300 million."
"You can my full story about the news here, but here are a few takeaways:"
" This may be yet another in a long line of “KPNAC” stories, meaning “Kickstarter Project, Not a Company.” (Inspired by ""feature, not a company."""
" Press excitement for the idea of a young boy genius setting out to revolutionize an industry often gets ahead of reality. In 2016, Proud graced the cover of Forbes. Perhaps it's time headlines like “Meet The 23-Year-Old Who Had Such A Good Idea, Strangers Gave Him $13 Million To Build It” become reason for investors to reconsider the hype. In that article, Proud had a pearl of wisdom for other startup entrepreneurs: “The secret to making a successful tech product, Proud says, is to create something that works so well it fits naturally into your everyday life.” Except, as other reporters found, the product didn’t work all that well"
" And lastly, the lesson that can’t be repeated enough: Hardware is hard"
PS: Yesterday I learned that a hot wedding gift among techies these days is Bitcoin…
" As America's opioid crisis spirals, giant drug distributor McKesson is feeling the pain"
" No seriously, the gold standard is a terrible idea"
 One deceptively simple way to beat the market
 How to invest in the slime craze
 Bancor’s giant ICO
 GE stock and revenue growth through the years
…AND ELSEWHERE
SpaceX joins the military. Inside the wellness industrial complex. If Trump fires Mueller. More mystery around Preet Bharara’s firing. Goldman Sachs is automating IPOs. Private equity industry shrugs at deregulation victory. Viking returns $8 billion to investors. Fewer women are starting businesses. Jeff Jordan’s basketball game.
" Futu Securities, a China-based financial services company, raised $145.5 million in Series C funding from Tencent Holdings. Existing investors Matrix Partners China and Sequoia Capital China participated. Read more"
" Actility, a France-based machine-to-machine communication platform, raised $75 million in Series D funding round. Investors include Cisco Investments, BNP Paribas, Creadev, Orange, Inmarsat and Robert Bosch Venture Capital"
" Clutter, a Culver City, Calif.-based provider of on-demand self-storage services, raised $64 million in Series C funding. Atomico led the round, and was joined by Sequoia Capital, GV, and Fifth Wall"
" Fusion Risk Management, a Rolling Meadows, Ill.-based provider of SaaS software for business continuity risk management, raised $41 million in Series C funding. Catalyst Investors led the round, and was joined by Level Equity"
" ScriptDash, a San Francisco-based digital pharmacy startup, rebranded as Alto, and raised $23 million in Series B funding. Greenoaks Capital led the round"
" CrowdFlower, a San Francisco-based data enrichment crowdsourcing platform, raised $20 million in funding. Industry Ventures led the round, and was joined by Salesforce Ventures, Canvas Ventures, Microsoft Ventures, and Trinity Ventures"
" The Drone Racing League, a New York-based sports and media company, raised more than $20 million in Series B funding. Sky, Liberty Media Corporation (owner of Formula 1) and Lux Capital led the round, and were joined by Allianz and World Wrestling Entertainment"
" Trusona, a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based identity authentication device developer, raised $10 million in Series B funding. Microsoft Ventures led the round, and was joined by Kleiner Perkins"
" VICIS, a Seattle-based football helmet manufacturer, raised $10 million in funding. Harry Faith, a real estate developer and the minority owner of the Cincinnati Reds, led the round"
" Notion, a Denver, Colo.-based home awareness sensor developer, raised $10 million in Series A funding. Draper Nexus and TransLink Capital led the round, and were joined by investors including XL Innovate, Mesh VC"
" Oath Craft Pizza, a Nantucket, Mass.-based fast-casual pizza restaurant, raised $7 million in series B funding. Breakaway Ventures led the round"
" Yumi, a Los Angeles-based baby food delivery service, raised $4.1 million in seed funding. Investors include Brand Foundry, August Capital and NEA, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Grainful, an Ithaca, N.Y.-based savory oats brand, raised $3.3 million in funding. Advantage Capital, Rand Capital and CircleUp led the round"
" Nona Lim, an Oakland, Calif.-based bone broth and drinkable soups brand, raised $3 million in funding. Harbinger Ventures led the round, and was joined by Echo Capital Group"
" Mrs. Wordsmith, a London-based visual content startup, raised £2 million ($2.5 million) in seed funding, according to TechCrunch. Kindred Capital led the round, and was joined by Reach Capital, SaatciNvest and Ropart Asset Management. Read more"
" Hurdl, a Nashville, Tenn.-based experiential marketing company, raised $2.5 million in seed funding. Investors include current or former athletes and executives across the NBA, NHL, CBS, 300 Entertainment, LaCorte Ventures, Turner Sports, CNBC, PRG and Morris Lighting and Sound"
" Yofumo Technologies, a Denver, Colo.-based cannabis storage and processing manufacturer, raised $1.5 million in seed funding. MedScience Ventures led the round"
" Thriva raised £1.5 million ($1.9 million) in seed funding. Investors include Seedcamp, 500 Startups and the London Co-Investment Fund"
" Chef's Cut Real Jerky, a New York-based steak and chicken jerky producer, raised funding of an undisclosed amount from Olivia Munn. Existing investors include CAVU Venture Partners, David Ortiz, Von Miller and Earl Thomas. Read more at Fortune"
" LabConnect, a Seattle-based provider of customized global central laboratory and support services to biopharmaceutical organizations, raised $24.5 million in Series A funding. Investors include ABS Capital Partners, Pablo Capital, and BroadOak Capital"
" Art Medical, an Israel and Palo Alto, Calif.-based medical tech startup which focuses on providing smart tubes for ICU patients, raised $20 million in funding. Advanced Medical Technologies led the round"
" NowRx, a Mountain View, Calif.-based on-demand pharmacy that provides delivery of prescription medications directly to consumers, raised $2 million in seed funding. The funding was a combination of crowdfunding via SeedInvest.com as well as individual investors"
" Peak 10, a Charlotte, N.C.-based IT infrastructure provider and portfolio company of GI Partners, will acquire ViaWest, a Greenwood Village, Colo.-based enterprise IT provider and subsidiary of Shaw Communications, for $1.675 billion. The companies will combine to create a provider of colocation, connectivity, cloud, and managed solutions. GI Partners will remain the majority shareholder of the combined company"
" Corrum Capital and Two Sigma Private Investments have made investments of undisclosed amounts in Wings Capital Partners, a Newport Beach, Calif.-based aviation leasing company. [This item has been updated to reflect the correct description of Wings Capital Partners."
" Serent Capital made an investment of an undisclosed amount in Pondera Solutions, a Gold River, Calif.-based provider of fraud detection solutions for large government programs"
" J.F. Lehman & Company recapitalized NorthStar Group Holdings and its subsidiary, NorthStar Group Services, a New York-based remediation and asset recovery company for government and commercial markets. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Imperial Bag & Paper Co, which is backed by Audax Private Equity, acquired Dade Paper & Bag, a Miami-based food service disposables distributor. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Rubicon Oilfield International, which is backed by Warburg Pincus, acquired Calgary, World Oil Tools, a Canada-based maker of specialty inflatable products to the oil and gas sector. Financial terms weren't disclosed"
" Halyard Health (NYSE:HYH) is exploring a sale of its surgical and infection prevention business that could fetch more than $600 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Synaptics will acquire Conexant Systems, an Irvine, Calif.-based fabless semiconductor operator, for about $342 million. Read more"
" COSCO Shipping Holdings Co (SEHK:1919) bought a 51% stake in Noatum Ports, a Spanish container terminal operator, for 203.49 million euros ($227.81 million), according to Reuters. Read more"
" LexisNexis acquired Ravel Law, a Nicasio, Calif.-based online legal research platform. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" SAVO Group acquired KnowledgeTree, a Raleigh, N.C.-based on-demand sales enablement software platform. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Penn Virginia Corp (Nasdaq:PVAC) explores a possible sale, less than a year after it emerged from bankruptcy, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Sears Canada (TSX:SCC) is considering selling itself, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Altice USA, the Bethpage, NY-based subsidy of European cable provider Altice, set a range for its IPO Monday. Altice plans to offer about 46.6 million shares at between $27 to $31. At the midpoint of the range, Altice USA seeks to raise $1.3 billion in the IPO. In 2016, Altice USA reported revenue of $6 billion on loss of $832 million. J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup, and Goldman Sachs are lead underwriters in the deal. The company plans to list on the NYSE as “ATUS."
" Allied Irish Banks, whose collapse helped push Ireland into bailout territory in 2010, has announced a price range for its IPO, the New York Times reports. The Irish government expects to price the offering of 679 million shares between 3.90 euro to 4.90 euro a piece. That would give Allied a market capitalization of $14.9 billion at the high end of the range. Earlier this year, Ireland’s Department of Finance revealed that it would sell roughly 25% of the bank, which was nationalized seven years earlier"
" Navitas Petroleum, an Israeli oil exploration and production company, plans to go public on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, Reuters reported. The IPO will be valued at about $100 million. The company has been expanding further into the Gulf of Mexico and Canada"
" Hello, a San Francisco-based bedside sleep tracker manufacturer, is shutting down after looking for a buyer. Hello raised more than $40 million in venture funding from Temasek, the investment arm of Singapore, and angel investors. Its latest funding round valued the company as high as $300 million. Read more at Fortune"
" Gymboree Corp, a San Francisco-based children’s apparel specialty retailer, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy with a plan to cut its debt by around $1 billion and close 375 stores, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Ardian sold Clip Industrie, a France-based publisher of enterprise resource planning software, to Forterro and Battery Ventures. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" PAI Partners closed its previously announced sale of IPH, a France-based industrial supplies distributor, to Advent International. Financial details of the transaction weren’t disclosed, but the company was valued at €465 million ($521 million) when PAI invested in February 2013, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" Ares Management and Leonard Green & Partners agreed to boost their stakes in Aspen Dental Management, an East Syracuse, N.Y.-based dental services company. The seller was American Securities. Financial terms weren’t announced"
" Centana Growth Partners, a New York-based venture capital firm, raised $250 million for its inaugural fund"
" Grove Ventures, an Israel-based venture capital firm, raised $76.8 million for its maiden fund"
" Serve Capital Partners, an Austin, Texas-based investment firm, raised more than $52.1 million for its first fund, Serve Capital Partners I"
" NRV, a Richmond, Va.-based venture capital firm, raised $33 million for its early-stage growth fund, NRV Early Stage Growth Fund"
" Myra D’Souza joined ParkerGale Capital as a principal. Previously, D’Souza was at PwC"
 Marc J. Carmel joined Longford Capital as a director
 Daniel Wang joined Harris Williams & Co as a managing director
 Partners Group appointed Stephan Schali as the chief investment officer and David Layton as the head of private equity
View this email in your browser.
"Polina Marinova produces Term Sheet, and Lucinda Shen compiles the IPO news. Send deal announcements to Polina here and IPO news to Lucinda here."
Some notes to kick off your Wednesday:
" One Jester's Lane: Publicly-listed retailer Bed Bath & Beyond yesterday announced an agreement to acquire One Kings Lane, a San Francisco-backed flash sales site for home and lifestyle merchandise. No financial terms were disclosed, except that the deal was all-cash"
"One Kings Lane had raised around $230 million in total VC funding, most recently in early 2014 at a post-money valuation of around $812 million. But unless BBB is tying this acquisition to a new debt offering, there is no way that the sale price even approaches that VC valuation."
"Bed Bath and Beyond had just about $600 million in cash ($515m) and short-term equivalents as of its last quarterly report. Or,m put another way, the discount must be even deeper than those '20% off' coupons from BBB that seem to singularly finance the U.S. postal system."
"This isn't to say, however, that the VCs themselves might not be made whole. Each of the venture rounds were preferred stock with pari passu liquidation preferences, which effectively means the breaking point is $230 million. Company employees, however, are probably another story..."
"  Well, that was unexpected: Dropbox CEO Drew Houston said yesterday at a Bloomberg conference that his company is cash-flow positive (albeit not yet profitable)"
 Court calendar: The legal dispute between former Sequoia Capital partner Michael Goguen and his former girlfriend Amber Baptiste is now scheduled to head to a jury trial at the beginning of May 2017
" More court: Andrew Casperson, the former PJT Partners and Blackstone Group placement agent accused in March of defrauding investors of $95 million, is claiming that his alleged malfeasance was the result of a gambling problem. Or, more specifically, a gambling problem that morphed into a trading addiction that led him to lose a whopping $123 million on S&P 'put' options"
"Not only did he blow through money from his defrauded investors (which included a charitable foundation), but also his own personal fortune (he's a Wall Street scion) and money from the family of former girlfriend Cat McRae, who died in the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center."
Casperson is expected to plead guilty next month.
" LP  note: Mark Boyle is retiring after 36 years helping to manage private equity investments for Northwestern Mutual. He'll leave a month-end, and says he is ""looking forward to summer vacation here in beautiful Wisconsin."" After that, it sounds like he's planning to remain involved in some capacity with private equity"
"  Today in Theranos: Ok, this wasn't really from today, but since I neglected to mention it last week... Adam McKay, whose past films have included The Big Short and Anchorman, is prepping a movie about the troubled blood-testing startup. Elizabeth Holmes reportedly will be played by Jennifer Lawrence. No, I'm really not making any of this up"
" Uber reportedly has hired Morgan Stanley, Barclays, Citi and Goldman Sachs to offer up to $2 billion in leveraged loans to institutional investors. Read more"
"  Soundcloud, a Germany-based music streaming site, has raised $70 million in new VC funding from the investment arm of Twitter Inc. (NYSE: TWTR), as part of what Recode reports will be a $100 million round at around a $700 million valuation. Read more"
"  Allecra Therapeutics, a German developer of antibiotics to combat drug-resistant bacterial infections, has raised EUR 22 million in Series B funding. Delos Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Forbion Capital Partners, Edmond de Rothschild Investment Partners and EMBL Ventures. www.allecra.co"
"  Performance Horizon, a San Francisco-based provider of digital partner marketing solutions, has raised $15.4 million in Series C funding. Greycroft Growth led the round, and was joined by return backers Mithril Capital Management and DN Capital. www.performancehorizon.co"
"  Lumus, an Israel-based maker of transparent near-to-eye displays for augmented and mixed reality, has raised $15 million in Series B funding from Shanda Group and Crystal-Optech. Read more"
"  Talkspace, a Pine Plains, N.Y.-based online communications platform that connects patients with mental health professionals, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Norwest Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Spark Capital, SoftBank, Metamorphic Ventures and TheTime. www.talkspace.co"
"  Yewno, a stealthy “knowledge discovery” startup, has raised $10 million in Series A funding from Pacific Capital. www.yewno.co"
"  Felix & Paul Studios, a Montreal-based studio focused on cinematic virtual reality, has raised US$6.8 million in Series A funding. Comcast Ventures led the round, and was joined by Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, LDV Partners and return backer Phi Group. www.felixandpaul.co"
"  B2X, a Munich-based provider of customer care solutions for smartphones and IoT devices, has raised EUR 6 million in new equity funding from Harbert European Growth Capital. www.b2x.co"
"  Nuro Secure Messaging, an Israel-based secure group messaging and collaboration platform for enterprise, government and military clients, has raised $2.6 million in new VC funding. Backers include Erez Kreiner, former director of Israeli security in Europe and director of Israel’s National Cyber Security Authority. www.nuro.i"
"  Nightswapping, a France-based peer-to-peer home-sharing platform, has raised EUR 2 million in second-round funding. Backers include BPI, 6ème Sens Participation and Le Groupe Financière Duval. Read more"
"  Geneva Glen Capital has acquired Dianne’s Fine Desserts, a Newburyport, Mass.-based provider of frozen thaw-and-serve desserts to the foodservice industry, from Superior Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.diannesfinedesserts.co"
"  Implus, a Durham, N.C.-based provider of athletic, fitness and outdoor accessories, has acquired MCN Solutions CC, a South Africa-based distributor of branded sporting products (including Implus products). No financial terms were disclosed. Implus is a portfolio company of Berkshire Partners. www.implus.co"
  KKR has agreed to acquire South Korean hypermarket chain Kim’s Club from E-Land for an undisclosed amount. www.kkr.co
"  Navicure, a Duluth, Ga.-based provider of cloud-based claims management and patient payment solutions for physician practices and hospitals, has agreed to an undisclosed amount of private equity investment from Bain Capital. www.navicure.co"
No IPO news this morning
" Hearst Corp. has agreed to acquire a majority stake in MedHOK Inc., a Tampa, Fla.-based provider of SaaS solutions for health insurance plans. No financial terms were disclosed. MedHOK raised $77 million in 2014 from Bain Capital Ventures and Spectrum Equity. Read more. http://www.bizjournals.com/tampabay/news/2016/06/13/media-giant-strikes-deal-to-buy-majority-stake-in.htm"
" North Castle Partners has sold Doctor’s Best Inc., a San Clemente, Calif.-based marketer and distributor of nutritional supplements, to Xiamen Kingdomway Group Co. (SHE: 002626). No financial terms were disclosed. www.drbvitamins.co"
" Aveva Group PLC (LSE: AVV), a British industrial software company, said it has ended talks to be acquired by Schneider Electric (Paris: SU). "
" Impact Radius, a Santa Barbara, Calif.-based digital marketing platform, has acquired Forensiq, a New York-based provider of online ad fraud monitoring solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. Impact Radius shareholders include Silversmith Capital Partners, Archer Capital and Redpoint Ventures. Read more"
" Shari Redstone, the daughter of embattled media mogul Sumner Redstone, has spoken with Alibaba Group's Jack Ma about a possible sale of Paramount Pictures, according to the NY Post. Read more"
 Steinhoff of South Africa (JSE: SNH) said that it is considering a takeover offer for British discount retailer Poundland (LSE: PLND). Read more
" Tribune Media (NYSE: TRCO) is seeking buyers for its digital and data business, with hopes of raising at least $800 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Golden Gate Ventures, a VC firm focused on early-stage opportunities in Southeast Asia, has closed its second fund with $60 million in capital commitments. Limited partners include Temasek, Hanwha Life Insurance and Siam Commercial Bank. www.goldengate.v"
" Hamilton Lane has closed a new strategic opportunities fund with more than $210 million in capital commitments. The fund is structured as an annual series with a single-year investment period, “focused on making credit-oriented investments with consistent cash yield.” www.hamiltonlane.co"
 Kelso & Co. has closed its ninth private equity fund with $2.56 billion in capital commitments. www.kelso.co
" Lightspeed Venture Partners is raising up to $240 million for its third China-focused fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.lsvp.co"
" NBK Capital Partners of Dubai has closed its second mezzanine fund with $110 in capital commitments. It plans to focus on consumer-centric, middle-market companies in the MENA region. www.nbkcpartners.co"
" Waterton Global Resource Management Inc., a Toronto-based private equity firm focused on the metals and mining market, has closed its third fund with C$725 million in capital commitments. www.watertonglobalresource.co"
  Gunit Chadha is stepping down as Deutsche Bank’s CEO of Asia-Pacific. No word yet on a successor. Read more
"  Maximiliano Del Vento has joined Centerbridge Partners as a New York-based principal, according to his LinkedIn account. He previously was a VP with Partners Group. www.centerbridge.co"
"  Ronald Frank has joined Blank Rome LLP as a Pittsburgh-based partner in the law firm’s corporate, M&A and securities practice. He previously was a partner with Reed Smith. www.blankrome.co"
  Jesal Jobalia has joined Madison Capital Funding as a director on the firm’s originations team. He previously was with Golub Capital. www.newyorklife.com/madisoncapitalfundin
"  Prashant Kolluri has joined Quest Partners, a quant hedge fund with $620 million in assets under management, as president. He previously was president and COO of Sterling Ridge Capital Management and, before that, was chief investment officer with Investcorp. Read more"
"  Stefan Krause, former CFO at Deutsche Bank, has joined Warburg Pincus as a senior advisor. Read more"
"  New Enterprise Associates has promoted Amit Mukherjee to principal, after joining the firm in 2012 to focus on consumer and internet investments. NEA also promoted Blake Wu to senior associate. www.nea.co"
"  Tolga Sengel has joined Canada’s Public Sector Pension Investment Board as a London-based director, according to Dow Jones. She previously was an investment director with Bridgepoint. Read more"
"  David Scheible, former chairman and CEO of Graphic Packaging International (NYSE: GPK), has joined Clayton Dubilier & Rice as an operating advisor. www.cdr-inc.co"
"  Trive Capital, a Dallas-based private equity firm, has promoted David Stinnett to partner. www.trivecapital.co"
"  Zenefits, the HR software startup that has raised nearly $600 million in VC funding, is planning to lay off 106 employees, or 9% of its current workforce. In February, the companyu laid off 250 employees. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Draper Esprit, a London-based VC firm that has been backing European startups since 2006, is now publicly-traded on London's AIM. The IPO raised GBP103 million, with proceeds being used to buy out LP positions in existing funds (it had last raised in 2010). Around GBP24 million of the IPO came via LPs rolling over their stakes, while the other GBP79 million was new capital."
"Simon Cook, the firm's co-founder and CEO, says that he and his partners were planning to launch a new fundraise, but ultimately felt that a ""patient capital"" model would make more sense, given how few startups are mature enough for exit within the 10-year investment life of a traditional fund."
"""Look at how many U.S. funds are extended,"" Cook says. ""Or all of the other things that firms are adding, like opportunity funds. In Europe, venture capital is not as well understood by LPs, so adding lots of things can create confusion. Plus, there are a lot of investors that, for regulatory reasons, can't invest in an illiquid fund structure."""
"To be sure, this isn't novel. 3i Group ― where Cook once worked ― has been publicly traded for years. So is Imperial Innovations. Last year, Neil Woodford raised £800 million via an LSE float (Woodford also is a Draper Esprit backer)."
"Cook doesn't believe the model would necessarily work in the U.S. although, to be honest, I'm not so sure. Private equity has been moving a bit in this direction, with balance sheets at firms like KKR actually supporting growth equity deals in tech startups, and there was talk before the financial crisis of Sequoia Capital trying to pull off an IPO. Remember, the UK had equity crowdfunding long before the U.S. got around to it...."
" Surge fundraising: Chinese ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing last night announced that it has sewed up its massive $7.3 billion financing round. This includes previously-disclosed $4.5 billion in equity from new investors like Apple, China Life Insurance Co., Ant Financial and return backers like Alibaba Group, Tencent, China Merchants Bank and SoftBank. The rest comes via a new syndicated loan (arranged by China Merchants Bank) of up to $2.5 billion, plus around $300 million in new long-term debt directly from China Merchants Bank"
A source close to the situation adds that the equity tranche also included participation from Oppenheimer and BlackRock (an existing Didi shareholder that also has a piece of rival Uber).
" Related: In the past 24 hours, we've gotten word of Didi, Uber and Airbnb each raising $1 billion or more in debt financing. So much for the theory that you need to be publicly-traded in order to adequately access the broader capital markets. Or that banks need to underwrite IPOs in order to generate giant fees from tech startups"
 Recommended reading: Malathi Nayak of Reuters has an interesting argument about how the Supreme Court's recent decision to uphold net neutrality rules could lessen AT&T and Verizon's interest in acquiring Yahoo
"From the piece: ""Both Verizon and AT&T... are primarily interested in Yahoo’s advertising technology tools that leverage user data to deliver targeted ads. A part of the new rules could limit their ability to collect and use customer data to boost ad revenue."" Read the rest here."
" Delay tactic: Last month we reported that the private equity sponsors of Caesars ― Apollo Global Management and TPG Capital ―have been (indirectly) pushing Congress to revive an arcane piece of bankruptcy legislation that would retroactively shield them from junior bondholder claims related to the casino giant's nightmarish bankruptcy (technically, the bankruptcy of its operating unit). There even was talk that it would get tacked onto the Puerto Rico debt restructuring bill, but that does not yet appear to have happened"
"In the meantime, the bondholder claims continue to work their way through the courts. Yesterday morning, a U.S. bankruptcy judge in Chicago put a stop to related proceedings in other courts until August 29. This is basically a reversal of the judge's earlier position -- following a request to reconsider by a different court -- but he told the parties that the injunctive relief is unlikely to get another extension if settlement talks don't accelerate. ""There better be some talking and it better be fast."""
" Correction: On Monday, we reported that the U.S. Justice Department has sued to block  Cision , a PR software maker owned by GTCR, from buying PR Newswire Association from UBM PLC (LSE: UBM) for $841 million. What we neglected to mention was that DoJ simultaneously filed a proposed settlement and that GTCR says that, in light of the settlement, ""the parties anticipate closing shortly."
"  Renaissance Acquisition Holdings, an Illinois-based contract research organization owned by RoundTable Healthcare Partners, has sold its topical pharma business to Mylan NV (Nasdaq: MYL) for $950 million in cash (plus up to another $50 million in earn-outs). www.renaissanceah.co"
"  Payoff, a Costa Mesa, Calif.-based online lender for people trying to pay off credit card debt, has secured $46.7 million of a new VC funding round that could total $67.4 million. The company previously raised over $38 million from firms like Anthemis Group, FirstMark Capital and Great Oaks Venture Capital. Read more"
"  Mersana Therapeutics Inc., a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of antibody drug conjugates, has raised $33 million in Series C funding. Wellington Management Co. led the round, and was joined by Cormorant Asset Management, Arrowpoint Partners, Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. and return backers NEA and Rock Springs Capital. www.mersana.co"
"  Eyeview, a New York-based video marketing technology company, has raised $21.5 million in new funding. Qumra Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Marker LLC, Innovation Endeavors, Nauta Capital, Gemini Israel Ventures and Lightspeed Venture Partners. www.eyeviewdigital.co"
"  Sapho, a San Bruno, Calif.-based platform that helps organizations “transform existing business systems into secure micro apps,” has raised $9.5 million in Series A funding led by Alsop Louie Partners. www.sapho.co"
"  Overbond Ltd., a Toronto-based platform for digital bond insurance, has raised $7.5 million in seed funding from Morrison Financial Services Ltd. www.overbond.co"
"  Vow To Be Chic, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based bridesmaid dress rental company, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. Women’s Venture Capital Fund was joined by return backers Pritzker Group Venture Capital and Wavemaker Partners. www.vowtobechic.co"
"  Samba Tech, a distributor of online videos in Latin America, has raised $3 million in new VC funding from Brazilian billionaire José Augusto Schincariol. Existing backers include DFJ. www.samba-group.co"
"  MyTaskIt, a West Palm Beach, Fla.-based software platform for connecting service professionals to their technicians, subcontractors and customers, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding from individual angels. www.mytaskit.co"
"  Collokia, a San Francisco-based provider of a machine learning-based collaboration platform, has raised $1.3 million in seed funding co-led by Globant and Fundo Pitanga. www.collokia.co"
"  Qimple, a Canadian provider of HR software, has raised C$1.1 million in seed funding. The New Brunswick Innovation Foundation led the round, and was joined by Green Century Investment. www.qimple.co"
"  Elementum, a Mountain View, Calif.-based cloud supply chain platform, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Fontinalis Partners. www.elementum.co"
"  The Clear View Group has acquired the assets of Ebony Media, the publisher of Ebony Magazine. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ebony.co"
  GI Partners has acquired Napa Valley-based Far Niente Wine Estates for an undisclosed amount. www.gipartners.co
"  LogicMonitor, a Santa Barbara, Calif.-based IT infrastructure monitoring platform, has raised $130 million in growth equity funding from Providence Equity Partners. www.logicmonitor.co"
"  Macquarie Group has agreed to sell German gas grid operator Thyssengas to Dutch infrastructure fund DIF and French utility EDF for around EUR 700 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  Ontario Systems, a Muncie, Ind.-based portfolio company of Arlington Capital Partners, has acquired Columbia Ultimate Business Systems, a Vancouver, Wash.-based provider of software to outsourced revenue cycle management firms, accounts receivables management firms and government clients. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ontariosystems.co"
"  Petrobras is nearing an agreement to sell an 81% stake in a Brazilian natural gas pipeline for nearly $6 billion to a consortium led by Brookfield Asset Management, according to Bloomberg. Other members of the buying group would include First Reserve Corp., GIC and China Investment Corp. Read more"
No IPO news this morning
" The Carlyle Group has agreed to sell its remaining stake in Applus (Madrid: APPS), a Spanish provider of industrial testing and inspection services, for EUR 146 million to a fund created by Southeastern Asset Management and Egyptian billionaire Nassef Sawiris. Read more"
" EQT Partners has hired JPMorgan to find a buyer for BSN Medical, a German maker of bandages and plaster casts, in a deal that could be worth more than $2.25 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  Samsung has agreed to acquire Joyent, a San Francisco-based provider of application containers in the enterprise. No financial terms were disclosed. Joyent has raised over $225 million in VC funding, from firms like Intel Capital, Orascom TMT Investments, El Dorado Ventures, EPIC Ventures, Greycroft and LGI Ventures. Read more"
" Airbnb has secured a $1 billion debt facility from JPMorgan, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Crisis Text Line, a free text-messaging support service for people in crisis, has secured a $23.8 million donation from such individuals as Reid Hoffman, Melina Gates, Steve Ballmer, Mark and Ali Pincus, Craig Newmark and Pierre Omidyar. Read more"
 Envision Healthcare Holdings Inc. (NYSE: EVHC) has agreed to merge AmSurg Corp. (Nasdaq: AMSG) in an all-stock deal that will create a $10 billion physician and medical services company. Read more
" FireEye (Nasdaq: FEYE) recently rejected takeover offers from Symantec (Nasdaq: SYMC) and at least one other suitor, according to Bloomberg. The cybersecurity company currently is valued at around $2.67 billion. Read more"
" Munich Re said that it will seek a buyer for primary insurer Great Lakes Australia, as it plans to refocus its Australia and New Zealand business on reinsurance. Read more"
" Tencent is progressing in its talks to acquire a majority stake in Supercell, the Finnish gaming company whose titles include Clash of Clans, according to Reuters. Supercell is currently majority-owned by Softbank, and could be valued at more than $9 billion. The WSJ had first reported on the talks earlier this year. Read more"
" 1315 Capital, a Philadelphia-based growth equity firm focused on the healthcare space, has closed its inaugural fund with $200 million in capital commitments. The firm is led by Adele Oliva (ex-Quaker Partners, Apax) and Michael Kolby (ex-Palm Ventures). www.1315capital.co"
" FirstMark Capital of New York has raised $275 million for its fourth flagship venture capital fund, and another $205 million for a new opportunities fund. Read more"
"  Silver Rock Financial has raised more than $500 million for a new hedge fund focused on high-yield bonds and distressed debt, according to Bloomberg. The firm is led by Carl Meyer, the former chief investment officer for Michael Milken’s family office. Read more"
"  Stephen Jacobs has joined Herrick, Feinstein LLP as a partner and co-chair of the law firm’s corporate department. He most recently was with Spectrum Group Management, a distressed credit and real estate investment firm, as COO, general counsel and chief compliance officer. www.herrick.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Cision, a PR software company owned by GTCR, yesterday closed its purchase of PR Newswire Association from UBM PLC (LSE: UBM)."
"The deal was originally announced as being worth $841 million (mostly cash), with UBM to recognize GBP 498 million after adjustments. Upon close, however, that proceeds figure dropped a bit to GBP 490 million, likely because the U.S. Department of Justice required that the deal effectively not include a media database called Agility."
"Cision CEO Peter Granat tells me that the Agility hiccup was unexpected, but that the unit only generated around $5 million in revenue, compared to PR Newswire's overall haul of $315 million. He also says that PR Newswire has been a target ever since GTCR first formed the Cision platform in early 2014, via the purchase of Vocus (then Cision, then Gorkana)."
"""It had been rumored to be coming to market for a couple of years, but we had to wait a little bit for UBM to work through some things,"" says Granat, who adds that he never looked at smaller rival Business Wire, which is owned by Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway."
"Granat also insists that while corporate PR storytelling has been changed by social media and platforms like Medium, he believes PR Newswire's distribution capabilities make it viable for the long-term. ""The way we distribute needs to change, since people now track stories in social and micro moments, but PR Newswire is well-equipped to do that."""
" Stump stuff: Hillary Clinton said in a USA Today interview this week that she would ""ask the Treasury Department to use its regulatory authority"" to change the tax treatment of carried interest, if Congress does not act to do so. Some readers have asked my thoughts on this, given my longtime support for treating carried interest as ordinary income (as opposed to a capital gain, as it is currently treated)"
"In short: My gut reaction was negative, because I would prefer that Congress address this as part of much-needed corporate tax reform. Moreover, Republicans should be able to use this as a bargaining chip in such negotiations, when trying to extract concessions from Sanders-side Democrats."
"However, the current tax treatment of carried interest is more about IRS interpretation of the rules than the rules themselves. And since the IRS is housed in Treasury, Clinton's pledge does seem kosher from a separation of powers standpoint. Finally, it is worth noting that Donald Trump also supports a change to carried interest tax treatment, but has not suggested that he would do so unilaterally."
" Speaking of Trump: Some private equity bigs are officially coming out in favor of the presumptive GOP nominee. They include Wilbur Ross and Cerberus Capital Management honcho Steve Feinberg. Still no word on Henry Kravis (yes, I've asked), whose name was floated early on by Trump as a possible Treasury Secretary"
" Coming attractions: I'd expect Kleiner Perkins to announce its new fundraise next week (both early-stage and digital growth, the latter of which should hit $1 billion), as it's spent the past few days finalizing allocations"
 Have a great Father's Day weekend... Thanks for everything WAP. Seriously. I don't think any of us recognize the sacrifices a parent makes until you become a parent yourself
" Common, a series of group living developments in Brooklyn (soon expanding to SF and Washington, D.C.), has raised $16 million in Series B funding, according to Fortune"
"8VC led the round, and was joined by Circle Ventures, LeFrak, Solon Mack Capital, Ron Burkle’s Inevitable Ventures, Wolfswood Partners and return backers like Maveron, Lowercase Capital, Slow Ventures and Pierre Lamond. Read more."
"  Collective, a New York-based programmatic ad tech company, has raised $34 million in growth equity funding. Columbia Partners led the round, and was joined by Accel, Greycroft Partners and iNovia Capital. www.collective.co"
" Andela, a New York-based tech staffing platform focused on training and connecting African developers with U.S. companies, has raised $24 million. The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative led the round, in its first-ever VC investment. Other backers include Google Ventures, Spark Capital, Omidyar Network, Learn Capital and CRE Ventures. Read more"
" Rescale, a San Francisco-based cloud platform for simulation software and high performance computing solutions, has raised $14 million in Series A funding. TransLink Capital led the round, and was joined by Microsoft Ventures, Jump Capital, ITOCHU Technology Ventures, Two Roads Group and Data Collective. The company previously raised more than $6 million in seed funding. www.rescale.co"
" Tigera Inc., a San Francisco-based provider of “cloud-native” enterprise networking solutions, has raised $13 million in Series A funding. New Enterprise Associates led the round, and was joined by Wing Venture Capital. www.tigera.i"
" ClearTax, an Indian online tax filing platform, has raised $12 million in Series A funding. Backers include Founders Fund and Sequoia Capital. Read more"
" Mark One, maker of a “cup that automatically tracks your consumption to help you make healthier choices,” has raised $4 million in new VC funding from return backers like Intel Capital. Read more"
" Beamery (f.k.a. Seed.Jobs), a London-based provider of employee recruitment software, has raised $2 million in seed funding from Edenred Capital Partners and HR tech company Grupa Pracuj. Read more"
" MindLytiX, a France-based provider of real-time consumer knowledge and targeting solutions, has raised EUR 1.25 million in VC funding from Iris Capital. www.mindlytix.co"
"  Alpha Sintered Metals, a Ridgway, Penn.-based portfolio company of O2 Investment Partners, has acquired Precision Made Products, a Brunswick, Ohio-based metal injection molding and CNC machining company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.pmp-tech.co"
" The Carlyle Group is in “advanced talks” to acquire between a 30% and 40% stake in Portuguese plastics packaging firm Logoplaste, according to Reuters. The deal would value Logoplaste at around EUR 660 million, or 8.5x expected 2016 EBITDA. Read more"
" Cast & Crew Entertainment Services, a Burbank, Calif.-based film and TV staffing company owned by Silver Lake, has agreed to acquire Caps Payroll, a Culver City, Calif.-based payroll provider for entertainment end markets. No financial terms were disclosed. www.capspayroll.co"
" Tesco PLC (LSE: TSCO) has sold Dobbies Garden Centres, a British operator of 35 garden supply stores, for GBP 217 million in cash to a private equity group that included Midlothian Capital and Hattington Capital. Read more"
"AppDynamics, a San Francisco-based provider of application performance management software, has hired Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley to lead an IPO that could come later this year, according to Reuters. The company has raised over $330 million in VC funding from firms like Adage Capital, Industry Ventures, Goldman Sachs, Cross Creek Advisors, Institutional Venture Partners, Greylock Partners and Lightspeed Venture Partners. Read more"
"  Orthopediatrics Inc., a Warsaw, Ind.-based maker of pediatric orthopedics, has filed for a $75 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol KIDS, with Piper Jaffray and Stifel serving as lead underwriters. The company reports an $8 million loss on $31 million in net revenue for 2015. Shareholders include Squadron Capital. www.orthopediatrics.co"
"  PSAV, a Schiller Park, Ill.-based event technology and audiovisual company, has postponed an IPO that already had been downsized to 14.2 million shares being offered at between $12 and $13 per share. The company planned to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol  PSAV , with Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley serving as lead underwriters. Goldman Sachs and Olympus Partners acquired  PSAV  two years ago from Kelso & Co. www. psav .co"
" Apax Partners is exploring a sale of Trader Corp., a Canadian provider of auto dealer advertising solutions, for more than C$1.5 billion (including debt), according to Reuters. Read more"
" Aterian Investment Partners has sold Burner Systems International Inc., a Chattanooga, Tenn.-based supplier of parts for gas-fueled cooking and heating appliances, to Robertshaw US Holding Corp. No financial terms were disclosed. www.burnersystems.co"
" Ethos Private Equity has agreed to sell Brandcorp Holdings, s South Africa-based provider of industrial and consumer products like garden tools, to Bidvest (JSE: BVT) for an undisclosed amount. www.brandcorp.co.z"
" Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has acquired Wand Labs, a Redwood City, Calif.-based maker of messaging technology for apps. No financial terms were disclosed. Wand Labs had raised seed funding from firms like  Interwest Partners, Lightspeed Venture Partners and Khosla Ventures. Read more"
" Pfingsten Partners has sold Technibus Inc., a Canton, Ohio-based maker of custom-engineered, metal-enclosed bus duct solutions, to IES Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: IESC) for around $45 million. www.technibus.co"
 Enel SpA (BIT: ENEL) is in talks to sell the largest coal-fired power station in Russia to Russian tycoon Andrei Melnichenko. Read more
" Mosaic Co. (NYSE: MOS) is in talks to acquire the fertilizer unit of Brazil-listed Vale SA, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at upwards of $3 billion. Read more"
" Petrobras, the Brazilian state-run oil company, said that it has received takeover offers for its fuel retailing unit (BR Distribuidora SA). Read more"
" Revlon Inc. (NYSE: REV) has agreed to acquire skincare company Elizabeth Arden Inc. (Nasdaq: RDEN) for $870 million (including debt), or $14 per share. Read more"
 Salesforce (NYSE: CRM) confirmed that it seriously considered making a takeover bid for LinkedIn (Nasdaq: LNKD) but bailed after it became clear that Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) was willing to offer more cash. Read more
" Siemens AG of German and Gamesa of Spain have agreed to merge their windfarm businesses. According to Bloomberg, Siemens will pay Gamesa around $1 billion as part of the deal, and will hold 59% of the combined company. Read more"
" Suncor Energy (TSX: SU) is seeking a buyer for its Petro-Canada lubricants division, which could be worth around C$800 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
 No firm or fund news this morning
" Pacific Investment Management Co., a California-based bond giant, is planning to cut 3% of its workforce. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Today's planned column didn't quite come together in time, so just some very quick notes to kick off your Monday:"
" Brexit backdrop: Thomson Reuters released new data showing that UK target M&A only account for 4% of the global total ― $57.6 billion, year-to-date making it the lowest such percentage since records began being kept in 1980. Per usual, most activity involves cross-border buyers, with domestic-to-domestic UK M&A activity comprising just 17% of the total. Private equity-sponsored UK deals are down 69% year-to-date"
"Globally, Thomson Reuters reports that M&A is down 20% from last year at $1.44 trillion (-16% for U.S. targets), with PE-backed deals off 35% (down 45% in the U.S.)."
" IPO go no go? Twilio, a maker of cloud communication software, is scheduled to go public this week, hoping to be the year's first IPO for a VC-backed tech unicorn. But I wouldn't be stunned if the company got acquired instead, similar to what happened with Blue Coat Systems. No inside knowledge here, just saying that virtually all software IPO processes right now are dual processes"
" No hard feelings: Today's big deal is that private equity firm Francisco Partners has teamed with activist investor Elliott Management to acquire Dell Software from Dell Inc. Kind of remarkable to see Dell working with activists (albeit on the sell-side), given that: (a) It went private, in part, due to its antipathy toward such investors; and (b) The rival to its Silver Lake-led take-private was an activist, in what became a very bitter battle"
" Recommended reading: Last year, Hewlett-Packard acquired Aruba Networks for around $2.7 billion. Aruba was originally being advised on the deal by boutique bank Qatalyst, but apparently the firm's involvement didn't sit too well with (pre-split) HP CEO Meg Whitman, dating back to both HP's disastrous purchase of Autonomy (which Qatalyst advised) and the failed merger between Yahoo and eBay (then led by Whitman). The WSJ has gotten its hands on some unsealed Delaware court docs, detailing the dispute and how it ultimately led to Evercore's involvement in HP/Aruba, and some serious press release massaging. Read it by going here"
 Fenway Father: Thanks to everyone who participated in #TermSheetDad last Friday. Here's your winner
 Waddya know? Just a reminder that you always can send me info  anonymously  by using our double super secret tip box: http://fortune.com/term-sheet-tip
  Congrats Cleveland
" Francisco Partners and Elliott Management have agreed to acquire the software business of Dell Inc., the Silver Lake portfolio company that is in the midst of buying EMC Corp. No financial terms were disclosed, although Reuters reported that the price-tag could be in excess of $2 billion. Read more"
"  F2G Ltd., a UK-based antifungal drug discovery and development company, has raised $60 million in new VC funding. Sectoral Asset Management led the round, and was joined by Novo A/S, Aisling Capital, Brace Pharma Capital and return backers Advent Life Sciences, Novartis Venture Fund, Sunstone Capital and Merifin Capital. www.f2g.co"
"  Plaid Technologies Inc., a San Francisco-based platform that “enables applications to connect with users' bank accounts,” has raised $44 million in Series B funding. Goldman Sachs Investment Partners led the round, and was joined by return backer NEA. www.plaid.co"
" Condeco, a London-based provider of “workplace utilization” and meeting-room scheduling software, has raised EUR 27 million in Series A funding led by Highland Europe. Read more"
" StreamLink Software, a Cleveland-based provider of grant and board management SaaS, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. First Analysis led the round, and was joined by return backers North Coast Venture Fund, Blu Venture Investors, Hyde Park Venture Partners and Hyde Park Angels. www.streamlinksoftware.co"
" Trooly, a Los Altos, Calif.-based service that verifies, screens and predicts trustworthy relationships and interactions, has raised $10 million in seed funding from Bain Capital Ventures and Milliways Ventures. www.troo.l"
" CaterWings, a Berlin-based online marketplace for catering services, has raised EUR 6 million in new VC funding from by Holtzbrinck Ventures, Tengelmann Ventures and Rocket Internet. www.caterwings.co"
" Unomaly, a Sweden-based provider of IT incident monitoring and detection solutions, has raised EUR 4.6 million in Series A funding led by EQT Partners. www.unomaly.co"
"  Alder Foods Inc., a Walpole, Mass.-based food supplier to military markets, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from IMB Development Corp. Alder Foods reports $56 million in annual revenue. www.alderfoods.co"
" Clearlake Capital Group has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Vision Solutions, an Irvine, Calif.-based provider of disaster recovery and migration software, from Thoma Bravo. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which is expected to close later this quarter. www.visionsolutions.co"
" First State Investments has agreed to acquire Coriance, a French district heating company, from KKR. No financial terms were disclosed. www.groupe-coriance.f"
" Gauge Capital has sponsored a recapitalization of Beauty Industry Group LLC, a Salt Lake City-based provider of installed hair extensions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.beautyindustrygroup.co"
" Lone Star Funds and JPMorgan Chase & Co. have submitted a joint bid to purchase Propertize BV, a Dutch ‘bad bank’ that holds around EUR 5.5 billion in loans and real estate assets, according to Bloomberg. This is viewed as the leading offer, although there is a rival bid from Cerberus Capital Management and Goldman Sachs. Read more"
" OpenGate Capital has agreed to acquire Alfatherm SpA, an Italy-based manufacturer of rigid, semi-rigid and flexible PVC films. No financial terms were disclosed. www.alfatherm.i"
" Quilvest Private Equity has sold its “cornerstone shareholding” in Acrotec Group, a Swiss maker of watch components, to Castik Capital and company management at an enterprise value of around EUR 255 million. www.acrotec.c"
 TPG Capital has agreed to acquire a 40% stake in the rural banking unit of Filipino lender BDO Unibank Inc. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more
" Vision Ridge Partners has acquired EVGo, a Boulder, Colo.-based public charging network for electric vehicles, from NRG Energy (NYSE: NRG). No financial terms were disclosed"
"  Four companies are expected to price IPOs on U.S. exchanges this week: Twilio, Gemphire Therapeutics, Selecta Biosciences and Tactile Systems Technology. Read more"
" Syros Pharmaceuticals, a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of gene control therapies for cancer and other diseases, has set its IPO terms to 4 million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $341 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The pre-revenue company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SYRS, with Cowen & Co. and Piper Jaffray serving as co-lead underwriters. Shareholders include Flagship Ventures (23.8% pre-IPO stake), Arch Venture Partners (22.9%), Fidelity (11.4%), Deerfield Management (9.1%), Polaris Partners (6.4%) WuXi Healthcare Ventures (5.8%), Redmile Group, Aisling Capital and Alexandria Venture Investments. www.syros.co"
" TPI Composites Inc., a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based manufacturer of composite wind blades, has filed for a $150 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TPIC, with J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley serving as co-lead underwriters. The company reports $1.7 million of net income on $176 million in revenue for Q1 2016, compared to a $5.7 million net loss on around $96.6 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Shareholders include Element Partners (32.2% pre-IPO stake), Landmark Partners (20.9%), Angeleno Group (18.5%), NGP Energy Technology Partners (14.8%) and GE Ventures (11%). www.tpicomposites.co"
" Deutsche Telekom is considering a takeover bid for Host Europe Group Ltd., a Germany-based Internet domain registrar and website hosting company owned by Cinven, according to Bloomberg. Other suitors could include The Blackstone Group and Hellman & Friedman, with the deal possibly worth upwards of EUR 1.7 billion. Read more"
" TPG Growth has hired Jefferies & Co. to find a buyer for NorthStar Anesthesia PA, an Irving, Texas-based anesthesia-care company, according to Dow Jones. Read more"
" Twitter (NYSE: TWTR) has acquired Magic Pony Technology, a London-based developer of machine learning techniques for visual processing. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Octopus Ventures. www.magicpony.technolog"
" Adeptio has agreed to acquire a control stake in Kuwait Food Co. (Americana), a listed Kuwaiti operator of such brands as FFC and Pizza Hut, for around $2.5 billion from the al-Kharafi family. The deal was originally announced in February, but later was called off after the two sides could not agree on final terms. Read more"
 National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank confirmed that they are in merger talks. Read more
" Empirio Capital has been launched as a Poland-based private equity firm, by former Advent International investors Christian Senye and Pawel Ryszkiewics. Read more"
" Kellogg Co. (NYSE: K) has launched a corporate VC group called 1894 Capital, to make minority investments in startups ""pioneering new ingredients, foods, packaging, and enabling technology."" www.1894capital.co"
"  Paul Canning is stepping down as head of the London office of H.I.G. Capital, according to the WSJ. He has been with the Florida-based private equity firm for nearly a decade. No word yet on his future plans. Existing H.I.G. staffer Carl Harring will manage London going forward. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group has promoted David Bluff to managing director and head of Australia and New Zealand private equity. He succeeds Simon Moore, who last fall announced plans to step down. www.carlyle.co"
" Jacqueline Kosecoff, a managing partner of private equity firm Moriah Partners, has joined Houlihan Lokey as an independent director. www.hl.co"
" Pillarstone, a European credit platform affiliate of KKR, has made three hires: Jonathan Conway, former head of EMEA restructuring at Barclays; Pablo Crespo, former director with AnaCap, and Michele Sabatini, formerly with Bregal Capital. Conway and Crespo will be partners with Pillarstone, while Sabatini will be a director. www.kkr.co"
 Mark Rawlinson has agreed to join Morgan Stanley as chairman of UK investment banking. He previously was a corporate partner with law firm Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer. Read more
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"This morning's big news is that Nikesh Arora has stepped down as president of SoftBank, the Japanese conglomerate where he was widely views to be the successor-in-waiting to founder and CEO Masayoshi Son."
"Arora originally joined SoftBank from Google, in order to lead investments in entertainment and media companies, but was elevated to president after just nine months. But he still was involved in major investment decisions, including the whopping $1 billion ""venture capital"" deal for online lender SoFi."
"Via Twitter, Arora has been suggesting that his departure is amicable, and largely based on the 59 year-old Son deciding to remain in charge longer than previously-expected. He claims to have no immediate plans, although clearly he now transitions from SoftBank's CEO-in-waiting to Silicon Valley's CEO-in-waiting. If a major job opens up (or is rumored to open up), expect Arora's name to be mentioned."
"For more on Arora, please read Erin Griffith's fantastic feature from last fall. Erin also has chimed in this morning on the surprise announcement."
" New firm alert: Defy.vc has been quietly launched as a new VC firm by Trae Vassallo (ex-Kleiner Perkins) and Neil Sequeria (ex-General Catalyst). The focus will be on connected software, with plans to hold a one-and-done close in September on around $150 million for its debut fund. Vassallo declined comment, when reached yesterday by phone"
" Personnel scoop: Alex Crisses, a former managing director with Insight Venture Partners, where he focused on infrastructure software and Internet investments, has taken a job with General Atlantic. No further details. Yet"
" Customer service: Anyone else out there have a Lenovo laptop whose fan is beginning to sound like a spastic power drill? If so, what did you do to fix it"
IN MEMORIAM
"On Friday evening, venture capital pioneer David Morgenthaler passed away at the age of 96 years-old. At the time, he was a patient of the Cleveland Clinic, an organization where he served on the board and finance committees for decades."
"""It was not unexpected, but it was still a surprise,"" says Gary Morgenthaler, David's son who more than two decades ago opened a Silicon Valley office for David's firm, then known as Morghenthaler Partners. ""His last night with us he was very intently focused on how the Cavs were doing, and on his grandson's new job."""
"For many in today's venture community, David Morgenthaler's name may not mean too much. But without him, many of those folks would likely be in another line of work."
"Morgenthaler, who grew up in rural South Carolina before attending MIT and joining the U.S. Army one day after the Pearl Harbor Attacks, was one of the original venture capitalists (back before VCs even called themselves VCs). But, more importantly, he helped form the National Venture Capital Association and was asked in 1975 to be its president. He said yes, on one condition: The organization, which then represented fewer than two dozen firms, would need to move its headquarters from Chicago to Washington, D.C., so that it could help pursue policies that would spur entrepreneurship."
"""He felt that there was no particular incentive at that time to create new companies, because the risk was not commensurate with the reward,"" David says."
"The first lobbying effort was to create a lower tax rate for capital gains, which proved successful. Then, working with others, Morgenthaler helped change Erisa laws so that pension funds could invest in alternative assets like venture capital — a move that coincided with the personal computer revolution."
"""Today it's almost unthinkable for a small, meagerly-funded group to walk the halls of Congress and get laws changes, but my father and those he worked with did it,"" Gary Morgenthaler says."
"David Morgenthaler would go on to invest in such companies as Apple, before focusing more on biotech healthcare in his later years (in part due to one of his sons getting cancer). His firm also would split up based on different strategies, with the West Coast venture unit now known as Canvas Ventures."
"""He took great pride in the firm and in mentoring younger partners,"" Gary Morgenthaler adds. ""But he also stayed interested in the latest technology. You'd see him in the Cleveland Clinic playing with an Apple Watch, learning all the functionality. What other 96 year-old does that?"""
Rest in peace David. The country is better for your contributions.
" Tencent  has agreed to acquire an 84.3% stake in  Supercell, the Finnish gaming company whose titles include Clash of Clans, from SoftBank at an enterprise value of around $10.2 billion. Read more"
"  Number26, a Berlin-based digital bank for consumers, has raised $40 million in Series B funding. Horizons Ventures led the round, and was joined by Battery Ventures, individual angels and return backers Valar Ventures, Earlybird Ventures and Redalpine Ventures. Read more"
" Spaceflight Industries, a Tukwila, Wash.-based small satellite company focused on imaging Earth, has raised $25 million in Series B funding. Mithril Capital Management led the round, and was joined by return backers RRE Venture Capital, Vulcan Capital and Razor’s Edge Ventures. Read more"
" Smule, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based mobile developer of music applications and games, has raised around $22 million in new VC funding, according to a regulatory filing. Existing backers include Adams Street Partners, Roth Capital Partners, Bessemer Venture Partners, Granite Ventures and Shasta Ventures. www.smule.co"
" Zerto, a Boston and Israel-based provider of disaster recovery and data management software, has raised $20 million in Series E-1 funding led by CRV. This is a follow-on to a $50 million round announced earlier this year, led by Institutional Venture Partners. www.zerto.co"
" NSS Labs Inc., an Austin, Texas-based information security research and advisory company, has raised $16 million in new equity and debt financing. Delta-v Capital led the equity tranche, and was joined by return backer LiveOak Venture Partners. www.nsslabs.co"
" Iggbo, a Richmond, Va.-based provider of on-demand blood draws and medical testing, has raised $13 million in Series A funding led by Heritage Group. www.iggbo.co"
" Blueprint Bio, a Newport Beach, Calif.-based biomarker discovery and licensing company, has raised $7.5 million in new VC funding from Forentis Partners. www.blueprintbio.co"
" Rocketrip, a New York-based platform for reducing corporate travel costs, has raised $9 million in Series B funding. Bessemer Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Canaan Partners and Genacast Ventures. www.rocketrip.co"
" Dataloop.io, a San Francisco-based provider of cloud IT monitoring solutions, has raised $5 million in Series A funding from Battery Ventures and Open Ocean. www.dataloop.i"
" Techspace, a UK-based co-working space operator, has raised GBP 5 million in new VC funding led by real estate investor Leo Noé. www.techspace.c"
" Bonfyre, a St. Louis-based private social communication platform for companies, has raised $4 million in new VC funding led by existing backer Arsenal Capital Management. www.bonfyreapp.co"
" 800 Degrees Pizza, a Los Angeles-based pizza chain, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Murfey Ventures. www.800degreespizza.co"
"  CI Capital Partners has acquired a majority stake in Epiphany Dermatology, an operator of dermatology and skin cancer clinics in Central Texas. No financial terms were disclosed. www.epiphanydermatology.co"
" Liberty Hall Capital Partners has acquired J&M Machine LLC, a Norton Shores, Mich.-based provider of precision-machined metallic parts and assemblies for the global aerospace industry. No financial terms were disclosed. J&M will be integrated into existing Liberty Hall portfolio company Accurus Aerospace. www.jmmachine.co"
" Investcorp has acquired a 55% equity stake in Corneliani SpA, a luxury Italian menswear maker, at an enterprise value of approximately $100 million. The company’s founding family retains the other 45% ownership position. Read more"
" McKesson Corp. (NYSE: MCK) has held talks about merging its IT unit with Change Healthcare, in a transaction that could be worth north of $10 billion, according to Reuters. Change Healthcare previously was known as Emdeon, before being acquired in 2011 for $2.2 billion by The Blackstone Group. Read more"
" Silverfleet Capital has agreed to acquire Lifetime Training, a UK-based provider of corporate training solutions, in partnership with company management. The seller is Sovereign Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.lifetimetraining.co.u"
" The Sterling Group has simultaneously acquired, and will merger, two business in the industrial cleaning and related specialty cleaning services space: North American Industrial Services (Ballston Spa, N.Y.) and Evergreen Industrial Services (La Porte, Texas). No financial terms were disclosed for either transaction. Evergreen was previously owned by Platform Partners. Mark Neas, the former CEO of Brand Energy Solutions, will lead the combined company. www.sterling-group.co"
" Teasdale Foods, a provider of private label and branded Hispanic foods, has acquired Mesa Foods, a Louisville, Ky.-based producer of private label tortillas, flatbreads, taco shells, taco kits and chips. No financial terms were disclosed. Teasdale Foods is owned by Snow Phipps Group. www.teasdalefoods.co"
" TPH Partners has formed EnWater Solutions LLC via the combination of its existing water business in the Permain Basin and assets acquired from Pelagic Water Systems. No financial terms were disclosed. The water management company will be led by Micky Thacker, a former executive with Flint Energy Services. www.enwatersolutions.co"
" Turnbridge Capital Partners has sponsored a recapitalization of DeBusk Services Group LLC, a Pasadena, Texas-based mechanical and industrial cleaning services provider for the domestic refining and petrochemical facilities. No financial terms were disclosed. www.debusksg.co"
"  Acushnet Holding, a Fairhaven, Mass.-based maker of golf products under such brands as Titleist and Footjoy, has filed for a $100 million IPO (likely a placeholder figure). The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol GOLF, with J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley serving as lead underwriters. It reports $26 million of net income on $443 million in revenue for Q1 2016. Shareholders include Mirae Asset Securities and the Blackstone Group. www.titleist.co"
" Conyers Park Acquisition, a blank-check acquisition company led by Centerview Partners, has filed for a $402.5 million IPO. Deutsche Bank and Goldman Sachs are serving as lead underwriters"
 No exit news this morning
" Cambridge Consultants, a Boston-based product development firm owned by Altran (Paris: ALT), has acquired Synapse, a Seattle-based product development firm focused on consumer technology. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cambridgeconsultants.co"
 Icahn Enterprises has increased its takeover bid for the 18% it doesn't already own in auto parts maker Federal-Mogul (NYSE: FDL) to $8 per share. Read more
" Oi, Brazil’s fourth-largest mobile telecom company, has filed for bankruptcy protection. It represents the largest bankruptcy in Brazil’s history. Read more"
" Sports Direct (LSE: SPD) and Modell's Sporting Goods are in talks to acquire upwards of 200 stores from bankrupt retailer Sports Authority, according to the WSJ. Bids for the store leases are due today. Read more"
" Walmart (NYSE: WMT) has agreed to sell Yihaodian, its e-commerce site and app in China, to JD.com (Nasdaq: JD). The all-stock deal will give Walmart around a 5% stake in JD.com, which would value the transaction at approximately $1.5 billion. Read more"
" Deutsche Börse is launching a corporate VC group called DB1 Ventures, which will back fin-tech startups and also manage some of the exchange’s existing minority investments. Read more"
" Industry Ventures has closed its eighth venture capital secondaries fund with $500 million in capital commitments, plus $200 million for a new co-investment fund for direct venture deals. www.industryventures.co"
 KKR has closed its first European real estate private equity fund with $739 million in capital commitments. www.kkr.co
" Monomoy Capital Partners, a New York-based turnaround firm focused on the middle markets, has raised just over $740 million for its third fund, according to an SEC filing. www.mcpfunds.co"
" Shasta Ventures is nearing a $300 million final close on its fifth fund (same size as Fund IV), according to Dow Jones. www.shastaventures.co"
" Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe has closed its twelfth fund with $3.33 billion in capital commitments, compared to its $3 billion target and $3.5 billion hard cap, according to Private Equity International. www.wcas.co"
"  .406 Ventures has promoted Payal Agrawal Divakaran to principal, and also hired Rob McCall as a senior analyst. www.406ventures.co"
  Justine Gordon has joined executive search firm Egon Zehnder as a member of its private equity practice. She previously was a managing director with AlpInvest Partners. www.egonzehnder.co
"  Rich Hall has been named co-chair of the investment committee of Harvard Management Co., where he oversees private equity investing. His fellow co-chair is Rene Canezin, head of fixed income, credit and commodities. The moves come in the wake of HMC CEO Stephen Blyth taking medical leave. Read more"
  Kevin Hurth has joined Insight Venture Partners as VP of capital markets. He previously was a VP in BMO Harris Bank's financial sponsors group. www.insightpartners.co
"  J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. has promoted Lori Beer to chief information officer of the company’s corporate and investment bank, according to Fortune. Read more"
"  Jesse Middleton, a co-founder of WeWork Labs, has joined VC firm Flybridge Capital Partners as a New York-based general partner. www.flybridge.co"
"  Jesse Wu, former head of Johnson & Johnson’s operation in China, has joined The Carlyle Group as a senior advisor to its Asia private equity team. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"I ended up down a kind of strange reporting rabbit hole yesterday but, since it ultimately ended up involving an entrepreneur with an interesting biotechnology, I've decided to republish it here. Back to our regular ramblings tomorrow..."
"When Donald Trump filed his latest Federal Elections Commission report on Monday evening, there was an interesting expenditure: $35,000 for “web advertising” to Draper Sterling, a New Hampshire-based firm that seems to have cribbed its name from the television program Mad Men (in which Don Draper worked at Sterling Cooper)."
"When media outlets checked with New Hampshire state records on Tuesday morning, they found that Draper Sterling was located in the residential home of Jon Adkins, a longtime medical device sales executive who also co-founded a (now-defunct) “science and technical consulting firm” whose clients often included Republican politicians. One former company employee, for example, wrote on LinkedIn that his primary job was “providing professional canvassing services for Republican candidates.”"
"Adkins’ partner in that consulting firm was Paul Holzer, who is best known in Massachusetts political circles for his work helping to elect Gov. Charlie Baker. Adkins and Holzer currently are co-founders of a nonprofit biotech startup called XenoTherapeutics, which is focused on a new class of severe burn treatments."
"Holzer spoke exclusively to Fortune, acknowledging his involvement with Draper Sterling, but stressing that it is completely separate from XenoTherapeutics (whose website went offline for a few hours on Tuesday, but which has since returned)."
"“Part of the agreement with any client is that you sign a non-disclosure agreement, so I won’t discuss any specific work done for any specific client,” says Holzer, who also is a current student at Dartmouth Medical School. “Most people would say full-time is 40 hours, but every waking hour for me is a workday. So I’m at XenoTherapeutics full-time, at Dartmouth full-time and, on the side, I’ve got another way to pay the bills—since being a student and running a small nonprofit aren’t very lucrative. The Wright Brothers built bikes; I build spreadsheets.”"
"Holzer also wouldn’t rule out that Draper Sterling won’t appear on future FEC documents, saying “success begets success.” He does stress, however, that there was “nothing untoward” about the Draper Sterling work, despite some published speculation that it was linked to yesterday’s firing of Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski (who lives near Jon Adkins in New Hampshire). “I think it was just some coincidental timing that made this interesting… people will be disappointed when they find out the facts.”"
"XenoTherapeutics is based, in part, on Holzer’s experiences as a Navy Seal in Afghanistan. He says that he was stunned by the severity of burns caused by blast trauma—both for soldiers and civilians—calling them “catastrophic.”"
"Upon returning to the U.S., Holzer worked as a pre-doctoral fellow at Massachusetts General Hospital, where one of the doctors was working on a technology related to a genetically-modified line of pigs, in which the goal was to enable big solid organ transplant tolerance without a lifetime regimen of immunosuppressants. One byproduct was that the skin could act as temporary wound coverage, and Holzer and his Mass General boss—Dr. Curt Cetrulo, whorecently helped complete the first-ever penis transplant for a cancer survivor—published some related research, and then chose to launch XenoTherapeutics (where Cetrulo serves as chief medical officer)."
"“I don’t really know what Paul and John’s politics are, and don’t really care,” Cetrulo says."
"Boston-based XenoTherapeutics is structured as a 501(c)3 nonprofit, in order to enable it to raise money via grants, as Holzer says there isn’t necessarily enough money in burn treatment to attract many venture capitalists. It has, however, been accepted into the latest MassChallenge business incubator program, where it takes up residence later this week. The company also does have a private equity investor on its board of directors ― Sean MacDonald, a vice president at Siguler Guff ― although the firm itself is not an investor."
A Trump campaign spokeswoman did not return a request for comment.
"  McDonald's Corp.'s (NYSE: MCD) received more than six bids for its Chinese operations, which could fetch around $2 billion, according to Reuters"
"Suitors include Bain Capital, The Carlyle Group, TPG Capital, Beijing Tourism Group, Sanpower and ChemChina. Not mentioned in the Reuters report was KKR, which had been cited in an earlier Bloomberg story as having interest. Read more."
"  InVision, a New York-based product design platform, has raised $55 million in new VC funding. Iconiq Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Accel and FirstMark Capital. The company has now raised a total of $135 million in VC funding since its 2011 formation. www.invisionapp.co"
"  IFM Therapeutics, a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of small molecules targeting the innate immune system, has raised $27 million in Series A funding. Atlas Venture and Abingworth co-led the round, and were joined by Novartis. www.ifmthera.co"
"  LightCyber, a provider of behavioral attack detection solutions, has raised $20 million in new VC funding. Access Industries led the round, and was joined by ClalTech and return backers Battery Ventures, Glilot Capital Partners and Amplify Partners. www.lightcyber.co"
"  Outreach, a Seattle-based sales automation platform, has raised $17.5 million in Series B funding. Trinity Ventures led the round, and was joined by Microsoft Ventures and return backers like Floodgate. Read more"
"  Kespry, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based developer of automated drone systems for commercial use, has raised $16 million in Series B funding. DCM Ventures led the round, and was joined by Lightspeed Venture Partners, Spectrum 28, H. Barton Asset Management, Rothenberg Ventures and Wilson Sonsini. www.kespry.co"
"  The Muse, a New York-based career site, has raised $16 million in Series B funding. Icon Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Aspect Ventures, DBL Partners and QED Investors. Read more"
"  Sevenhugs, a France-based creator of connected home products, has raised $14.6 million in Series A funding led by Xerys Gestion. www.seven-hugs.co"
"  Lystable, a London-based maker of freelancer management software, has raised $11 million in Series A funding. Valar Ventures and Goldcrest Capital co-led the round, and were joined by Spring Partners. Read more"
"  Resson, a Canada-based bioinformatics and predictive analytics focused on the agriculture market, has raised US$11 million in Series B funding led by Monsanto Growth Ventures led the round, and was joined by Build Ventures, Rho Canada Ventures, New Brunswick Innovation Foundation, BDC Capital and East Valley Ventures. www.resson.co"
"  McMakler BmbH, a Berlin-based online real estate agent, has raised EUR 8.5 million in second-round funding led by Frog Capital. www.mcmakler.d"
"  GamEffective, a Charlotte, N.C.-based provider of workforce performance management software, has raised $7 million in new VC funding. Jerusalem Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers like Verint, 2B Angels, Shaked Ventures, Lipman and CE Ventures. www.gameffective.co"
"  Armut.com, an online services marketplace in Turkey, has raised $3.2 million in Series A funding led by Addventure. www.armut.co"
"  Kwik, a Tel Aviv-based maker of smart buttons (i.e., rival to Amazon Dash), has raised $3 million in seed funding led by Norwest Venture Partners. Read more"
"  Swoot, a stealthy startup from two co-founders of HipChat (acquired by Atlassian) ― Pete Hurley and Garret Heaton ― has raised $2.8 million in VC funding from firms like True Ventures, according to a regulatory filing"
"  Piper, a San Francisco-based provider of a DIY computer kit for kids, has raised $2.1 million in seed funding. Backers include Princeton University, Reach Capital, 500 Startups, FoundersXFund and individual angels. www.playpiper.co"
"  BV Investment Partners has made a “sizable investment” in C.F. Stinson, a Rochester Hills, Mich.-based designer and marketer of textiles to the commercial interiors industry. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cfstinson.co"
"  H2O Midstream LLC, a Houston-based company pursuing oil and gas opportunities related to water infrastructure throughout North America, has secured $100 million in initial equity funding commitments led by EIV Capital. www.h2omidstream.co"
"  Hyphen Solutions, an Addison, Texas-based provider of supply chain management services for the North American home building industry, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from PWP Growth Equity. www.hyphensolutions.co"
"  Mayhoola for Investments (Qatar) has agreed to acquire French fashion house Balmain from its founding family. No financial terms were disclosed, but the FT puts the price-tag at upwards of EUR 500 million. Read more"
"  Processing.com, a Sherman Oaks, Calif.-based payments solutions provider, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from LaSalle Capital. www.processing.co"
" Selecta Biosciences Inc., a Watertown, Mass.-based developer of targeted antigen-specific immune therapies, raised $70 million in its IPO. The company priced 5 million shares at $14 per share, compared to earlier plans to offer 4.25 million shares at between $14 and $16 per share. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SELB, while UBS and Stifel served as co-lead underwriters. Selecta had raised around $148 million in VC funding (most recent post-money value of $245m), from firms like Polaris Partners (14.3% pre-IPO stake), Flagship Ventures (13.5%), Rusano (10.9%), OrbiMed Advisors (9.3%), Leukon Investments  (7.7%), NanoDimension (5.3%), Sanofi-Genzyme BioVentures, Ridgeback Capital Management, Osage University Partners, AJU IB Investment, Sphera Global Health Care Fund, I2BF and Eminent Venture Capital. www.selectabio.co"
" Verve, a New York-based provider of location-powered mobile marketing solutions, has acquired Roximity, a Denver-based provider of location-based beacon software and hardware for retailers, brands and venues. Verve has raised VC funding from Fenox Venture Capital, Ludlow Ventures and Fraser McCombs Capital. Roximity had raised over $2 million from firms like Plug and Play Ventures. www.vervemobile.co"
" Tesla Motors (Nasdaq: TSLA) announced plans to acquire residential solar energy company Solar City, in a transaction that could be valued at between $2.5 billion and $3 billion. Tesla and Solar City were both founded by Elon Musk, who leads Tesla as CEO and serves as chairman of SolarCity (Nasdaq: SCTY). Musk's cousin, Lyndon Rive, is SolarCity's CEO. Read more"
" CVC Capital Partners is in early talks with investors about raising its seventh buyout fund in early 2017, with a target of EUR 12.5 billion and a hard cap of EUR 15 billion, according to Bloomberg. If successful, it would be the largest private equity fund ever raised by a Europe-based firm. Read more"
"  DFJ Growth is raising upwards of $500 million for its next fund, according to SEC filings. Read more"
"  Female Founders Fund is raising upwards of $30 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.femalefoundersfund.co"
"  Morgenthaler Private Equity is raising upwards of $225 million for its second fund since splitting up with its VC group (which became Canvas Ventures), according to a regulatory filing. So far, the Cleveland-based firm has secured $140 million. www.morgenthaler.co"
"  Radicle has been launched as a business accelerator for early-stage agricultural technology companies. It is being backed by Finistere Ventures, Cloud Break Advisors, Bayer, DuPont and OurCrowd. www.radiclellc.co"
"  The University of Maryland has launched a new venture capital fund focused on tech transfer efforts. It will include a $10 million commitment over four years from the school, with plans to raise an additional $15 million from outside sources. Read more"
  Tucker Coates has joined Hidden Harbor Capital Partners as VP of business development. He previously was an associate partner with MNCapital Africa Advisors. www.hh-cp.co
"  Garrett Greer has joined Dallas-based private equity firm Trinity Hunt Partners as a vice president. He previously was a VP with Lone Star Investment Advisors. Trinity Hunt also has promoted Blake Apel to principal. Apel joined the firm in 2007, and currently sits on the boards of portfolio companies Lakeview Health, Deposition Solutions and Family Help & Wellness. www.trinityhunt.co"
"  Douglas Hoffner has been named interim CEO of the California Public Employees’ Retirement System, as the nation’s largest public pension continues to search for a permanent replacement for the retiring Anne Stausboll. Hoffner joined CalPERS in 3012 as deputy executive officer for operations and technology. Read more"
"  Amit Kumar and Nate Niparko have joined the U.S. venture capital team at Accel. Kumar previously led engineering for some of Twitter’s commerce and customer service efforts, after the social network acquired his company, Cardspring, in 2014. Niparko previously worked at Accel, before leaving for Stanford Graduate School of Business and Amazon Web Services. www.accel.co"
"  Christopher Moran has been named executive director and general manager of Lockheed Martin Ventures, the corporate VC arm of Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT). He previously spent eight years as GM of the corporate venture arm of Applied Materials (Nasdaq: AMAT). www.lockheedmartin.com/venture"
  Brendan Tierney has joined Raymond James as a managing director of industrials investment banking. He previously led the industrials practice at Janney Montgomery Scott. www.raymondjames.co
"  David Zolot has joined Neuberger Berman Private Equity as a principal, with a focus on sourcing and executing consumer and branded acquisitions for portfolio company Marquee Brands. He previously was SVP of corporate development with Saban Brands. www.marqueebrands.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Today's big deal is that Twilio raised $150 million in its IPO, pricing one dollar above the top end of its $12-$14 per share offering range. That means that the cloud communications software unicorn is valued higher than it was in its most recent round of private funding (by 19%, or 4.3% once you factor in the new $150 million)."
"To be sure, there are a lot of venture capital and growth equity sighs of relief this morning. Not only at the valuation bump (however slight), but just the demonstrated fact that there is an accepting public market for high-growth, unprofitable software companies."
"But this isn't to say that everyone is blowing balloons. Over the past day I've heard a lot of concern about Twilio choosing to price right into the Brexit vote, thus making its aftermarket performance particularly prone to macro risk. In short: Why today of all days?"
A few thoughts on that:
"1. The markets are up sharply in early trading this morning, apparently reflecting a belief that Brexit will go the way of Y2K. Indeed, a source close to Twilio tells me that the company and its bankers do not believe the vote will be terribly close."
"2. Part of the move seems to be typical aggressiveness by lead banker Goldman Sachs, which recently earned grumbles from other investment bankers for top-ticking the Cotiviti IPO (thus, arguably, depressing aftermarket performance and making investors less interested in IPOs)."
"3. Here was a delightfully cynical view one private equity investor who isn't in the company: ""This is a win-win for Twilio. If Brexit fails, then it gets to ride a massive market wave. If Brexit succeeds, then Twilio manages to go public before the markets collapse and the IPO window slams shut. Plus, no one will blame Twilio for the lousy stock performance. This may be the best day to go public, not the worst. I'd bet they intentionally planned it this way."""
"4. It also is worth noting that we won't actually know the Brexit results until well after U.S. markets close today. The first results are supposed to come in after midnight local time (7pm ET), so the real trading impacts will be felt first in Asia."
" New firm alert: Jesse Draper, the daughter of Tim Draper and host of the Valley Girl web series, has launched a new VC effort called Halogen Ventures. Not too many details yet, except the focus is primarily on early-stage consumer tech startups "
"  PE poach: Noah Knauf, a longtime managing director with Warburg Pincus, has joined venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins as a general partner in its digital growth practice"
"News of the hire was first shared with Kleiner Perkins investors yesterday morning via email, and Knauf later was added to the firm's website. Kleiner Perkins itself isn't talking, likely because it's putting the finishing touches on its latest early-stage and digital growth funds (the latter of which is expected to raise $1 billion)."
"Knauf has been with Warburg Pincus since 2006, focusing primarily on healthcare and healthcare services deals. At Kleiner Perkins, Knauf is expected to continue to be more of a generalist, investing in both healthcare and technology companies. He will be one of four general partners in the digital growth practice, alongside Mary Meeker, Ted Schlein and Mood Rowghani."
" Twilio,  a  San Francisco-based provider of cloud communications software, raised $150 million in its IPO. The company priced 10 million shares at $15 per share (above $12-$14 range), for an initial market cap of approximately $1.23 billion. That's higher than the $1.03 billion valuation Twilio received during its last venture capital round"
"The company will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol TWLO, while Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan served as co-lead underwriters.  Twilio  has raised around $240 million in VC funding, from firms like Bessemer Venture Partners (28.5% pre-IPO stake), (13.6%) and Fidelity (6.1%). "
"  Circle, a Boston-based social payment app using blockchain technology, has raised $60 million in new VC funding. IDG Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by Baidu and return backer Breyer Capital. The company has now raised more than $136 million in total VC funding. Read more"
" Narvar Inc., a San Bruno, Calif.-based post-purchasing solutions platform for retailers, has raised $22 million in Series B funding. Battery Ventures led the round, and was joined by Fung Capital and return backers Accel and Freestyle Capital. Read more"
" SecurityScorecard, a New York-based provider of global threat intelligence and risk awareness solutions, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. Google Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Boldstart Ventures, Evolution Equity Partners and Sequoia Capital. Read more"
" Pearl Capital Business Funding LLC, a New York-based provider of direct financing to small and mid-sized businesses, has raised $20 million from Arena Investors. www.pearlcapital.co"
" Juniqe, a Berlin-based online art marketplace, has raised EUR 14 million in new VC funding. Highland Europe led the round, and was joined by return backers Vorwerk Ventures, High-Tech Gründerfonds and Redalpine. www.juniqe.co"
" AppZen, a Mountain View, Calif.-based artificial intelligence solution for back-office automation, has raised $2.9 million in seed funding. Resolute Ventures led the round, and was joined by Bloomberg Beta, Silicon Valley Bank, FundersClub and MasterCard. www.appzen.co"
"  Amplus Energy Solutions, a portfolio company of I Squared Capital, has acquired SunEdison India’s portfolio of commercial and industrial rooftop projects. No financial terms were disclosed. www.amplussolar.co"
" The Carlyle Group and CCMP Capital Advisors are among those in the second round of bidding for Fort Dearborn Co., an Elk Grove, Ill.-based company currently owned by KRG Capital Partners, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be valued at around $800 million, with final bids due next month. Read more"
" Cerberus Capital Management has agreed to acquire GE Money Bank, a French consumer credit business, from General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE). The sale would represent ending net investment equivalent to around $4.6 billion (as of 3/31), and would not include GE Money Bank’s $2 billion mortgage loan portfolio. www.ge.co"
"Equistone Partners has acquired a majority stake in Sihl Group, a Swiss maker of coated papers, films and fabrics, from Italy’s Diatec Holding. No financial terms were disclosed. www.sihl.ch"
" Freeman Spogli & Co. has acquired Integrated Supply Network, a Lakeland, Fla.-based wholesale distributor of automotive tools, equipment and supplies, from Audax Group. No financial terms were disclosed. www.isnweb.co"
" Mid Europa Partners has agreed to increase its ownership stake in Waberer’s International, a Budapest-based logistics and hauling company, from 56.8% to 97.1%. Read more"
" Mitratech, an Austin, Texas-based provider of enterprise legal management solutions, has acquired CMO Software, a London-based provider of EHS and GRC solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. Mitratech is a portfolio company of TA Associates. www.mitratech.co"
" Petroleos Mexicanos (a.k.a. Pemex) is nearing a $500 million sale-leaseback agreement with private equity firm First Reserve, according to Bloomberg. This reportedly would be in addition to a $1.2 billion sale-leaseback deal that Pemex reportedly closed recently with KKR. Read more"
" Snow Phipps Group has acquired ECRM, a Salon, Ohio-based collaborative retail marketing company, from BV Investment Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ecrm.marketgate.co"
" Thoma Bravo has acquired Bomgar, a Ridgeland, Miss.-based provider of secure access solutions, from TA Associates. No financial terms were disclosed. www.bomgar.co"
"  Fullerton Health, a Singapore-based provider of corporate medical services, is prepping an IPO that could value the company at upwards of $1 billion, according to the FT. Bloomberg had reported last fall that a Fullerton offering could raise around $300 million. Shareholders include Southern Capital Group. Read more"
" Pinterest has agreed to an acqui-hire of the team behind Tote, a San Francisco-based fashion shopping app backed by Plug and Play Ventures. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Purch, an Ogden, Utah-based digital content and commerce company, has acquired Business.com, an online provider of small business information and services. No financial terms were disclosed. Purch has raised over $170 million in VC funding from firms like Canso Investment Counsel, ABS Capital Partners, Highway12 Ventures and Village Ventures. Business.com backers included JMI Equity. Read more"
" Snapgajob has agreed to acquire PeopleMatter, a fellow provider of hourly market hiring solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. Virginia-based Snagajob has raised around $148 million in VC funding, from firms like Invus Group, NewSpring Capital and Rho Ventures. PeopleMatter has raised over $60 million in VC funding from firms like Harbert Growth Partners, Morgenthaler, Intersouth Partners, Noro-Moseley Partners, Scale Venture Partners and StarVest Partners. www.snagajob.co"
 Google Fiber has acquired San Francisco-based Internet service provider Webpass for an undisclosed amount. Read more
" The Blackstone Group has acquired a passive, minority interest in Marathon Asset Management, a New York-based credit-event driven hedge fund manager with $12.8 billion in assets under management. Marathon also announced that partner and COO Andrew Rabinowitz has been promoted to president and COO, while Vijay Srinivasan has assumed global credit research responsibilities (succeeding Rich Ronzetti, who is retiring). Read more"
" Goldman Sachs is targeting $5 billion for its seventh “Vintage” secondaries fund, which focuses on mature buyout and distressed investment portfolios, according to Private Equity International. Read more"
" The Canada Pension Plan Investment Board made several personnel moves: Alain Carrier was named head of international activities, succeeding new CEO Mark Machin (Carrier also will remain head of Europe); Suyi Kim will take over as head of Asia; Deborah Orida will take Kim’s previous position as head of Asia private equity. www.cppib.c"
" Charlesbank Capital Partners has promoted Joshua Beer and Jason Pike to managing director. Beer’s portfolio companies include Varsity Brands and FullBeauty Brands, while Pike works with American Residential Services, HDT Global and StoneCastle. www.charlesbank.co"
 Damon Cronkey has joined XSeed Capital as a partner. He previously was EVP of corporate development and strategy at SurvfeyMonkey. www.xseedcap.co
  Jackie DiMonte has joined Hyde Park Venture Partners as an associate. She previously was a program manager for Silver Spring Networks. www.hydeparkvp.co
" Kobie  Fuller has joined Upfront Ventures as a general partner. He previously was with Accel, and will relocate from Silicon Valley to Los Angeles. www.upfront.co"
" Colin McCarthy has joined Boulder, Colo.-based private equity firm Grey Mountain Partners as a senior associate. He previously was with Maranon Capital. www.greymountain.co"
 Bridget McKenna has joined TIAA as director of asset management business development. She previously was a vice president with Aetos Capital. www.tiaa.or
 Christopher Nam has joined Mizuho as a managing director and head of North American Internet and digital media investment banking. He previously was with Credit Suisse. www.mizuho.c
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Well. That was unexpected.
"There already are a bunch of theories as to how Brexit might affect the private equity markets, including a pause on UK deal-making (and UK-focused fundraising), given all of the outstanding trade questions between Britain and the EU. There also could be renegotiation of existing deals for UK targets ― or even broader geographic renegotiation if today's global markets mess is sustained (not to mention troubles for potential IPO issuers). And then there is the issue of AIFMD rules that will govern British firms for a while longer, but not necessarily once the UK turns off its EU lights in a couple years (i.e., uncertainty over what comes next, and also if more firms will move their European headquarters out of London for the sake of simplicity)."
In short: There are a ton of questions and very little clarity ― as is appropriate just hours after the world's fifth-largest economy just turned geopolitics on its head. I'd be irresponsible in asserting anything definitive at this point...
"  Friday feedback: Planning a mailbag column for Monday, and am interested in how you believe Brexit will affect your business. Email me by hitting reply to this message (i.e., dan_primack@fortune.com)"
" LP Land: Charles Froland  is set to retire as CEO of Performance Equity Management at the end of June, the Connecticut-based firm confirmed to Fortune. He will not have a successor as CEO, although PEM did recently promote longtime managing directors John Clark to president and Jeffrey Barman to chief investment officer"
"For the uninitiated, PEM was formed in 2005 as an independent spin-out by the private equity managers for General Motors Investment Management (who continued to manage PE assets for GM). Froland was in charge of that group, before which he spent eight years with Stanford Management Co."
"  Divorce proceedings: Expansive Ventures, the early-stage VC shop co-founded in 2014 by Adeo Ressi (head of The Founder Institute and TheFunded.com) and Jon Soberg (ex-Blumberg Capital), is on what seems to be an indefinite hiatus. Its website has been offline for more than a month, with multiple sources saying that the two remain locked in protracted negotiations about how to break their partnership. Ressi and Soberg have both declined comment so far"
 TwilIPO: Yesterday we discussed the Twilio IPO in the context of Brexit. Few additional notes
"(1) My understanding is that the original plan was to price Thursday night and begin trading today, but the roadshow was cut short a day for fears of... well, what ended up happening. (2) Twilio priced at $15 per share, and closed its first day of trading at $28.79 per share. It was off around 6% from that figure at market open, and more than 7% as of this writing (but still well above IPO price). (3) My Fortune colleague Heather Clancy spoke with Twilio CEO Jeff Lawson yesterday about the IPO, and has posted a Q&A here. Also worth noting that Jeff will be at Fortune Brainstorm Tech in Aspen, which begins two weeks from Monday."
"  Corrections: Yesterday's issue mistakenly referred to Kobie Fuller, the VC who just left Accel to become a general partner with Upfront Ventures, by a different first name. Also, Wednesday's issue mistakenly reported that Centerbridge Partners has organized a new blank-check acquisition company called Conyers Park Acquisition. The correct sponsor is Centerview Capital. Apologies on both"
  Have a great weekend..
"  Vestar Capital Partners has agreed to sell The Sun Products Co., a Wilton, Conn.-based maker of laundry and household brands like Wisk and Snuggle, to Germany’s Henkel AG for $3.6 billion. Read more"
"  Annexon Biosciences, a South San Francisco-based developer of “classical complement pathway inhibitors to treat neurodegenerative disorders,” has raised $44 million in Series B funding. NEA led the round, and was joined by Correlation Ventures and return backers like Novartis Venture Fund and Satter Investment Management. www.annexonbio.co"
"  CRISPR Therapeutics, a Swiss developer of gene-editing technology, has raised $38 million in new Series B funding (bringing the round total to nearly $140 million). New investors include Franklin Templeton Investments, New Leaf Venture Partners, Clough Capital Partners and Wellington Capital Management. The Series B round’s initial tranche was co-led by Vertex Pharmaceuticals and Bayer Global Investments, while existing shareholders include SR One, Celgene Corp., NEA and Abingworth. www.crisprtx.co"
"  Reflexion Health, a San Diego-based provider of personalized at-home rehabilitation healthcare solutions, has raised $18 million in Series B funding led by existing investors like West Partners. www.reflexionhealth.co"
"  Dapulse, an Israel-based team management platform, has raised $7.6 million in Series A funding. Genesis Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers like Entrée Capital. www.dapulse.co"
"  iZotope Inc., a Cambridge, Mass.-based maker of audio production tools, has raised $2.5 million in Series B funding led by return backer ABS Capital Partners. The company also secured a $5 million debt facility from Comerica Bank. www.izotope.co"
"  Alignable, a Boston-based online network for local business owners, has raised $1.5 million in new funding from Recruit Strategic Partners. It previously raised $12 million from Mayfield, Saturn Partners, NextView Ventures and Lead Edge Capital. www.alignable.co"
"  Qunar (Nasdaq: QUNR), a Chinese online travel company, said that it has received a takeover offer from Chinese private equity fund Ocean Imagination, at a 15% premium to Qunar’s closing stock price on Wednesday. Qunar’s market cap jumped from $3.8 billion to $4.2 billion on the news. Read more"
"  Veritas Capital is the “leading bidder” to acquire Vector Aerospace Corp., an aircraft maintenance and repair unit of Airbus Group (Paris: AIR), according to Bloomberg. The deal could be worth upwards of $800 million, with Veritas planning to merge Vector with existing portfolio company StandardAero Aviation Holdings. Rival bidders like Onex Partners and Canada’s Public Sector Pension Investment Board remain in the process, which is being led by RBC and Moelis & Co. Read more"
"  Bain Capital is planning an early 2017 IPO for Australian fresh juice chain operator Retail Zoo, according to The Australian. Read more. www.retailzoo.com.a"
" Comcast Corp. (Nasdaq: CMCS) has agreed to acquire iControl Networks Inc., an Austin, Texas-based provider of residential IoT solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. iControl has raised around $120 million in VC funding (most recently in 2012), from firms like ClearSky Power & Technology, Dawn Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Cisco, CRV, Tyco Ventures, Rogers Venture Partners, Intel Capital and Comcast Ventures. Read more"
" EQT Partners has hired Deutsche Bank to find a buyer for German utility services provider SAG, which could be valued at around EUR 1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" The Deutsche Börse said on Friday that it still plans to purchase The London Stock Exchange, despite last night’s Brexit vote. Read more"
"  Noble Group (Swiss: N21) said that it plans to sell $500 million worth of “low returning assets,” which comes on top of previously-announced plans to sell its U.S. electrical supply business for more than $1 billion. Read more"
 No firm or fund news this morning
" HCAP Partners (f.k.a. Huntington Capital) has promoted Frank Mora to partner. He joined the firm in 2013 from DBI Capital, and sits on the board of portfolio company Paragon Technology. www.hcapllc.co"
"  SK Capital Partners has promoted three investment professionals: Stephen d’Incelli to principal, Jared Kramer to senior associate and Jay Taunk to senior associate. www.skcapitalpartners.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The sun is shining, the markets are still tanking and we're just one day away from a group of Term Sheet readers taking the field at Fenway Park for a good cause (you're all invited to cheer us on, bring your kids to see Wally, etc. ― the game begins at 2:10pm). In other words, it's time for some Monday Mouth-Off."
"Today, it's all about Brexit:"
"Connal from Dublin: “Already plenty of people live in Ireland and take the red eye to London on Monday morning returning Thursday. Reversing that for those who wish to continue living in the U.K. and work in Dublin is easy... Our International Financial Services Centre, based in the Dublin Docklands, has about 30,000 people working in it. There are hundreds of thousands of square feet of new office accommodation currently being built there and I think there's still a further 60 acres of derelict space adjacent. From the IFSC to Dublin Airport is a 20-minute drive. With direct flights from, in the West, San Fran, LAX, LDN and, in the East, soon to be announced flights to China, world connectivity is not an issue. Plus, Ireland has pre-clearance of U.S. customs at Irish airports - once through Dublin or Shannon you are effectively on US soil. To summarise, every Irish business person and business commentator was urging everyone in Britain to vote 'Stay.' Now we are planning on how to minimise the undoubted damage and maximise any opportunity. Morgan Stanley has already said today they're looking at possibly moving 2,000 from London to Dublin. Many, many more could follow.”"
"UK entrepreneur Alain: “For internationally expanding companies, the referendum decision of course changes the dynamics. On the one hand, we need to ensure it does not threaten our ability to attract global talent to the U.K. that is essential in growing our business. If it does, we will have to adapt, and fast, which is something tech companies do well. On the flip side, the weakening pound will make an investment in UK’s leading start-ups even more attractive to U.S., Asian and European investors, and will help elevate U.K. start-ups on the global map. """
"Vito: ""Since private equity firms are leading experts in cross border finance, I see no hit to fund operations. Some criticism aimed at PE does relate to playing different tax jurisdictions off each other in getting the most tax efficient corporate structures. This makes the expertise found at PE firms all the more valuable."""
"Justin: ""I am hoping the Brexit will spur interest in assets abroad by British middle-market private equity groups, in the States and elsewhere, as they search for ways to diversify their new regulatory risk stemming from current portfolio companies."""
"Gerry: “While foreign currency traders and market makers who thrive on volatility are cheering Brexit, the private equity managers are taking a more sober outlook… Brexit may not have an immediate impact on the free movement of capital and goods as the U.K. and the EU must negotiate a withdrawal agreement pursuant to the 2009 Lisbon Treaty. In the meantime uncertainty will loom as to what the negotiations will produce. Will the U.K. continue to have access to the EU market without change? Will the EU countries have access to the U.K. markets? Will egos of politicians prevent cross border trade or enact tariffs on cross border trade? These uncertainties will more likely than not have an impact on valuation. The PE manager trying to exit an investment may have a harder time. On the flip side. PE managers looking to make investments might actually enjoy the instability. It may make their negotiating position much stronger and they can factor in the potential instability to their ROI. After all, one man’s trash is another man’s treasure.”"
"  Intel Corp. (Nasdaq: INTC) is exploring a possible sale of its security business, formerly known as McAfee when purchased in 2010 for $7.7 billion, according to the FT. Private equity firms are expected to be among the suitors, if the business formally hits the block. Read more"
" Thrive Market, an online discount marketplace for healthy foods , has raised $111 million in new VC funding. Invus Group led the round, and was joined by return backers like Greycroft Partners, Cavu Venture Partners, Cross Culture Ventures and e-Ventures. Read more"
"  Orbital Insight, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based geospatial big data company, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Google Ventures led the round, and was joined by CME Ventures and return backers Sequoia Capital, Lux Capital and Bloomberg Beta. Orbital Insight also announced $5 million in additional equity funding, via an investment and development agreement with In-Q-Tel. www.orbitalinsight.co"
"  Quoine, a Singapore-based bitcoin trading platform, has raised $20 million in Series A funding led by JAFCO. www.quoine.co"
"  Affiris AG, an Austriian developer of therapeutic peptide vaccines, has raised EUR 10 million in new VC funding. FCPG Affi was joined by return backers MIG Funds and the Strüngmann family. www.affiris.co"
"  Astorg Partners has agreed to acquire Autoform, a Swiss industrial software company, for nearly CCHF 700 million (approximately $721m), according to Reuters. Read more"
"  J.S. Held LLC, a Roslyn Heights, N.Y.-based construction consulting firm owned by Lovell Minnick Partners, has acquired the New York and Florida offices of Lovett Silverman Construction Consultants for an undisclosed amount. www.lovett-silverman.co"
"  NEP Group Inc., a Pittsburgh-based provider of television and live-event production services, has received a minority equity investment from The Carlyle Group’s long-duration private equity fund. The deal was done alongside existing NEP owner Crestview Partners and company management. www.nepinc.co"
"  Pacific Equity Partners is in talks with Genesee & Wyoming Australia (ASX: GWR) about a possible joint bid for Glencore PLC’s (LSE: GLEN) NSW caul haulage business, which is worth more than A$1 billion, according to The Australian. Read more"
"  Resource Environmental Solutions LLC, a Houston, Texas-based provider of environmental conservation and restoration services, has secured a “significant investment” from KKR. No financial terms were disclosed. www.res.u"
"  Medpace Holdings Inc., a Cincinnati-based clinical contract research organization owned by Cinven, has filed for a $150 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol MEDP, with Jefferies and Credit Suisse serving as co-lead underwriters. The company reports $3.45 million in net income on $99.6 million in revenue for Q1 2016, compared to a small net loss on $83 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. www.medpace.co"
" Apax Partners is seeking a buyer for Epicor Software Corp., an Austin, Texas-based provider of sales and supply chain management software. Apax had previously put Epicor on the block in 2014, but pulled it after receiving underwhelming offers from bidders like CVC Capital Partners. Read more"
" E2open, as supply chain operating network backed by Insight Venture Partners, has acquired Orchestro, a Bethesda, Md.-based provider of demand signal repositories and preemptive analytics for retail and omni-channel fulfillment. No financial terms were disclosed. Orchestro had raised over $21 million in VC funding from firms like Novak Biddle Venture Partners,, CNF Investments and New Markets Venture Partners. www.e2open.co"
" Bee Partners, a San Francisco-based early-stage VC firm, has closed its second fund with $30 million in capital commitments. www.beepartners.v"
" MedMen, a Los Angeles-based management company for the legal cannabis industry, has launched a $100 million private equity fund, in partnership with Wicklow Capital. www.medmen.co"
" Monomoy Capital Partners, a New York-based turnaround firm focused on the middle markets, has closed its third fund with $767 million in capital commitments. www.mcpfunds.co"
"  Summa Equity, a Nordic buyout firm founded by Altor and Nordic Equity vets, is targeting EUR 300 million for its debut fund, according to Dow Jones. Rede Partners is serving as placement agent. The firm also has hired Tommi Unkuri, formerly with Fidelio Capital, as a partner. Read more"
"  Tsinghua Holdings, a state-owned tech conglomerate in China, said that it will launch an investment fund to help commercialize scientific discoveries – including those sparked by at least $7.6 billion in new R&D spending over the next five years. Read more"
"  Mark Begor has joined Warburg Pincus as a managing director in the firm’s industrial and business services group. He previously spent 35 years with General Electric, including as president and CEO of the company’s energy management business. www.warburgpincus.co"
" Briggs Donaldson has founded Sight Point LLC, a Bay Area-based executive recruiting firm focused exclusively on the asset management sector. He previously was a vice president with Capital Dynamics"
"  Geoffrey Yang, a co-founder and managing director with Redpoint Ventures, has been named to the board of directors of AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T). He also will serve on the company’s corporate development and finance committee. www.att.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some very quick notes to kick off your Tuesday:
"  What, me worry? Yesterday I was preparing to do a Q2 IPO wrap-up post. Sure there were still a few days left in June, but what company would possibly price into this post-Brexit volatility? But then I actually looked at the IPO calendar, and noticed that it actually contains some brave (or perhaps masochistic) issuers"
"Most of them are companies that had originally hoped to price last week (e.g., Gemphire Therapeutics and Tactile Systems), but there also is a new hopeful: Syros Therapeutics, a developer of gene control therapies for cancer that has raised over $120 million in VC funding. Its lead underwriters are Cowen & Co. and Piper Jaffray. Maybe they're betting on the bounce..."
"Also worth noting that, even if Syros does manage to price, this will be the slowest Q2 for IPOs on U.S. exchanges since 2012."
" Surge sale? Ride-hailing company Lyft has hired boutique investment bank Qatalyst Partners, according to the WSJ, but it remains unclear if the retention is to find a buyer or just new investors. Per the story, those contacted by Qatalyst include large automakers (Lyft already has a strategic investment from GM). Would be sort of interesting if Lyft investors get distributions before Uber investors.."
"  Help Wanted: Steven Trieu has stepped down as VP of finance at Quora, the question-and-answer site that he joined in late 2011 from Facebook"
"Quora doesn’t have a chief financial officer, so Trieu was the person tasked with overseeing private financings for the company―including an $80 million Series C round in 2014 at a $900 million post-money valuation―and creating a long-term option exercise program that served as the model for similar programs at companies like Pinterest."
"Quora CEO Adam D'Angelo tells Fortune that the company ""appreciates Steve's contributions over the last five years and we're starting a CFO search."" Per a Facebook post, Trieu doesn't have any immediate future plans."
"  Ballpark: Looking forward to softball today at Fenway Park with a group of Term Sheet readers who raised $20,000 for ABCD SummerWorks, a great summer jobs program for low-income Boston teens. You're all invited to come out and watch. First pitch is at 2:10pm (weather-dependent)"
"  Coming attractions: Fortune Brainstorm Tech kicks off in less than two weeks, and we're pleased to announce some exciting new additions to the speaker line-up"
"Thomas Tull and Mary Parent of Legendary Entertainment; Haley Van Dyck, co-founder of the U.S. Digital Service; A special ""lessons learned"" tribute to Bill Campbell, with John Doerr (Kleiner Perkins), Shellye Archambeau (MetricStream CEO) and Brad Smith (Intuit CEO); OpenTable CEO Christa Quarles; HP CTO Shane Wall and former NBA Commissioner David Stern. Get the full agenda overview by going here."
"  Pavilion Financial Corp. has agreed to acquire Altius Associates, a private markets advisory and separate account management firm with offices in the U.S., U.K. and Singapore. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which would merge Altius with existing Pavilion subsidiary LP Capital Advisors"
"The combined business will be renamed Pavilion Alternatives Group, and have over $60 billion in alternative assets under management. www.pavilioncorp.com"
" Anki, a maker of robotic race-cars and other toy robots, has raised $52.5 million in new VC funding. J.P. Morgan led the round, and was joined by Andreessen Horowitz , Index Ventures and Two Sigma. Read more"
"  Modern Meadow, a New York-based producer of animal-free leather made from living cells, has raised $40 million in Series B funding. Horizons Ventures and Iconiq Capital co-led the round, and were joined by ARTIS Ventures, Temasek, Breakout Ventures, RedSwan Ventures, Collaborative Fund and Tony Fadell. www.modernmeadow.co"
"  Movile, a Latin American mobile commerce platform, has raised $40 million in Series F funding. Naspers Ventures led the round, and was joined by Innova Capital. www.movile.co"
"  PredictSpring Inc., a Los Altos, Calif.-based mobile commerce platform for brands and retailers, has raised $11.4 million in Series A funding. Felicis Ventures led the round, and was joined by Benvolio Group and return backers Beanstalk Ventures and Novel TMT Ventures. www.predictspring.co"
"  SpringCM, a Chicago-based sales contract management solution for Salesforce customers, has raised $17.5 million in new VC funding. Panorama Partners and Wellington Financial were joined by return backers Foundation Capital, North Bridge Venture Partners, Bluestem Capital and Square 1 Financial. www.springcm.co"
"  Intensity Therapeutics Inc., a Westport, Conn.-based developer of cancer immunotherapy products, has raised $10 million in Series A funding from Batterson Venture Capital, VCapital, FastForward Innovations, SalvaRx Group PLC and individual angels. www.intensitytherapeutics.co"
"  Vemba, a Toronto-based video distribution and content discovery platform, has raised C$5 million in Series A funding. Upfront Ventures and Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments co-led the round, and were joined by the Enterprise Fund and the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation. www.vemba.co"
"  Crowded.com, a New York-based verified candidate network for the hourly and on-demand workforce, has raised $3.3 million in seed funding. Tokalon Ventures led the round, and was joined by ARC Angel Fund, EarlyStage.nyc Fund and Gambit Ventures. www.crowded.co"
"  Accedo, a Stockholm-based “video experience transformation” company, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from SEB Private Equity. www.accedo.t"
"  Endo International PLC (Nasdaq: ENDP) has held talks with private equity firms about asset sales that could help lighten its $8 billion-plus debt load, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  Hirepool Group, a New Zealand-based equipment rental company, reportedly has hired Greenstone Partners and PwC New Zealand to explore sale opportunities. Interested suitors include Anchorage Capital, Crescent Capital, Allegro and Platinum Private Equity. Hirepool is minority-owned by Next Capital. Read more"
"  Imagine Print Solutions, a Minneapolis-based portfolio company of Oak Hill Capital Partners, has agreed to acquire Midnight Oil Agency, a Burbank, Calif.-based marketing agency. No financial terms were disclosed. www.imagineps.co"
"  Investcorp has agreed to acquire Coresec Systems AB, a Sweden-based cybersecurity company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.coresecsystems.co"
"  Kinder Morgan Inc. (NYSE: KMI) has agreed to sell a 50% stake in its Ohio-based Utopia Pipeline Project to Riverstone Holdings for an undisclosed amount of cash. Riverstone also will fund its share of future capital expenditures to complete the project, which is expected to cost a total of $500 million. www.kindermorgan.co"
"  Onex Corp. has agreed to acquire a majority stake in WireeCo WorldGroup, a Prairie Village, Kansas-based maker of wire rope, from Paine & Partners via a recapitalization that will result in Paine retaining a minority holding. Onex said that it will invest $260 million as part of the deal. www.onex.co"
"  Nexus Brands Group, a family of brands and businesses serving the tattoo, pet grooming and spa/salon markets, has acquired Kingpin Tattoo Supply, a St. Petersburg, Fla.-based designer and maker of tattoo supplies. No financial terms were disclosed. Nexus is a portfolio company of Bunker Hill Capital. www.kingpintattoosupply.co"
"  Roark Capital Group has acquired a minority equity stake in Drybar, a Los Angeles-based chain of hair salons specializing in blowouts. No financial terms were disclosed. Existing Drybar shareholders include Castanea Partners and SPK Capital. www.drybar.co"
"  Spotless (ASX: SPO) is expected to receive multiple bids for its laundry unit, which could be valued at more than A$400 million, according to The Australian. Likely suitors include Affinity Equity Partners, Quadrant Private Equity, Archer Capital and Champ Private Equity. www.spotless.co"
"  TorcSill Foundations LLC, a Pasadena, Texas-based maker of helical pier foundation systems, has acquired AnchorPipe International Inc., a Houston, Texas-based provider of onshore and offshore pipeline anchoring solutions to the oil and gas industry. No financial terms were disclosed. TorcSill is a portfolio company of Intervale Capital. www.torcsill.co"
 There is no IPO news this morning
" Cisco (Nasdaq: CSCO) has agreed to acquire CloudLock Inc., a Waltham, Mass.-based cloud security company. The deal is valued at $293 million in cash (and assumed equity awards, plus retention-based incentives). CloudLock had raised around $35 million in VC funding, most recently in late 2014 at a $118 million post-money valuation. Backers include Ascent Venture Partners, Bessemer Venture Partners and Cedar Fund. Read more"
" Medtronic PLC (NYSE: MDT) has agreed to acquire HeartWare International Inc. (Nasdaq: HTWR), a -based provider of miniaturized circulatory support technologies for the treatment of advanced heart failure. The deal is valued at around $1.1 billion in cash, or $58 per share (93% premium to Friday’s closing price). Read more"
"  Apax Partners has held a $7.9 billion first close on its ninth global buyout fund, according to Bloomberg. The fund has a hard cap of $9 billion. Read more"
"  Invision Capital, a Chicago-based lower middle-market private equity firm, is raising up to $50 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. It already has secured nearly $30 million. www.invcg.co"
  Lightspeed China Partners said that it has closed its third fund with $260 million in capital commitments. Read more
"  Partech Ventures, a Paris-based VC firm, has closed a new growth equity fund with EUR 400 million in capital commitments. Limited partners include Bpifrance, CNP Assurances, AG2R La Mondiale, Carrefour, Ingenico Group and Renault. Read more"
"  Siemens AG said that it plans to invest $1.1 billion over the next 5 years in a new strategics startups unit that will be available to employees, external startups and established companies. Read more"
"  John Campbell, who retired as a U.S. Army General last month after a 37-year military career, has joined the operating executive board of private equity firm J.F. Lehman & Co. www.jflpartners.co"
  Bernhard Gold has joined Paris-based VC firm Iris Capital as a partner and managing director of North American operations. He previously was a managing director of T-Venture of America. www.iriscapital.co
"  Nitin Sahney, former president and CEO of Omnicare (now owned by CVS), has joined Clayton, Dubilier & Rice as an operating advisor. www.cdr-inc.co"
"  Yellow Wood Partners has promoted Kevin McCafferty to principal. He joined the firm in 2014, after having served as COO of Superior Cake Products. www.yellowwoodpartners.co"
" Dow Chemical Co. said that it would lay off around 2,500 employees, as part of its deal to assume full control of Dow Corning. Read more."
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"President Obama got Silicon Valley buzzing last week, by suggesting to Bloomberg that he might have post-presidency interest in some sort of venture capital effort. From the interview:"
“The skill set of starting my presidential campaigns—and building the kinds of teams that we did and marketing ideas—I think would be the same kinds of skills that I would enjoy exercising in the private sector... The conversations I have with Silicon Valley and with venture capital pull together my interests in science and organization in a way I find really satisfying.”
"Obama would hardly be the first well-known politician to enter the venture capital or private equity market. Al Gore at Kleiner Perkins is the most notable example, but there are plenty of others — and he could always ask Tim Geithner (Warburg Pincus) or Deval Patrick (Bain Capital) for their thoughts on the matter. But he would be market's the first ex-president."
"What's particularly amusing, however, is all of the VCs who have said either publicly (via Twitter) or privately (I've had a bunch of these conversations) that Obama wouldn't be a shoe-in for a GP role at their firm, should he have interest. You're either lying to me, or to yourselves."
"To be clear, I don't expect Obama to join an existing firm. If he does go down this path, I'd see him launching something of his own, based in D.C. with more of a social responsibility angle. But with the possible exception of firms tied to Peter Thiel, every single existing VC firm would welcome Obama with open arms. We're well past the days where firms only hire partners with investment experience, and Obama clearly has plenty of executive experience. More importantly, a lot of today's VC world is about getting meetings with the hottest young entrepreneur, and it's hard to imagine most founders turning down a pitch session with Obama (it's the difference between Silicon Valley star power, and actual star power)."
"Again, this is just a thought experiment. But if for some reason Obama does want to join Term Sheet's Evian-washed masses, the door will be open."
"  Speaking of Obama: There is an interesting Politico piece this morning about Vistria Group's involvement in a proposed buyout of the parent company of University of Phoenix. You might recall that we've discussed Vistria before, given that the Chicago-based private equity firm was founded by President Obama's best friend, and now also includes former members of his Administration. There is no evidence of impropriety, but some believe that Vistria's involvement raises the de facto specter of conflict, let alone the irony of former members of this particular White House entering a for-profit education space that the Administration has routinely singled out for criticism. Read the story here"
"  Today in Theranos: Brooke Buchanan, the former Walmart PR maven (and ex-John McCain spokeswoman) who joined Theranos last November, has left the controversial blood-testing company. No word on why. Actually, we probably all know why, at least in the abstract sense. It's probably more accurate to say: We don't know the specific circumstances"
"It's also worth noting that Legendary Entertainment won the rights to the in-development film about Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes, who will be played by Jennifer Lawrence. Expect that to be part of our Brainstorm Tech conversation in two weeks with Legendary's Thomas Tull and Mary Parent..."
"  Where in the world? I'm about to drive down to New York for a series of meetings (and then drive back home, primarily because I'm not always the best planner). So preemptive apologies for being slow on return emails today"
"  Correction: Yesterday's issue had a typo on the number of expected layoffs related to Dow Chemical's deal to assume full control of Dow Corning. The correct figure is 2,500"
" Airbnb is seeking a new round of equity funding at a $30 billion valuation, according to the NY Times. This is on top of a $1 billion debt facility that the company reportedly secured last month, and comes after Airbnb raised $1.6 billion in Series E funding last fall at a $25.5 billion post-money valuation."
"Existing shareholders include Andreessen Horowitz, Greylock Partners, General Atlantic, Tiger Global Management and Sequoia Capital. Read more."
"  Keen IO, a San Francisco-based cloud analytics startup, has raised $14.7 million in Series B funding. Pelion Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Sequoia Capital, Rincon Venture Partners, Amplify Partners, Rothenberg Ventures, Techstars, 500 Startups, Heavybit and Galvanize Ventures. www.keen.i"
" Ancera, a Branford, Conn.-based provider of microbial risk assessment solutions, has raised $8.9 million in Series A funding. Existing backer Glass Capital led the round, and was joined by Metabiota and Packers Sanitation Services. Read more"
" Perthera Inc., a McLean, Va.-based provider of cancer analysis solutions for physicians, has raised $8.7 million in Series A funding led by Pilot Growth Equity. www.perthera.co"
" What3Words, a UK-based addressing platform, has raised $8.5 million in Series B funding. Aramex led the round, and was joined by Intel Capital, Over Mass Capital and Mustard Seed. Read more"
" Two Hat Security, a Canadian provider of community management software, has raised C$1.6 million in seed funding led by iNovia Capital. The company also secured C$900,000 in debt financing from Comerica. www.communitysift.co"
" HealthUp, a Polish developer of a small, smart spirometer, has raised $1.1 million in seed funding led by the Joint Polish Investment Fund. www.myspiroo.co"
" Abreos Biosciences, a San Diego-based startup focused on precision dosing of biologics, has raised an undisclosed amount of seed funding from Triton Technology Fund. www.abreos.co"
" Scoot Networks, a San Francisco-based operator of a smartphone-activated electric scooter network, has raised an undisclosed amount of new equity funding from Mahindra Partners and Vision Ridge Capital. www.scoot.c"
"  Addison Lee, a London-based executive car operator backed by The Carlyle Group, has acquired smaller rival Tristar Worldwide. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Octopus Ventures. www.addisonlee.co"
" Bain Capital, BC Partners and The Carlyle Group all remain in the bidding process for the IP and Science division of Thomson Reuters Corp. (NYSE: TRI), which could be valued at around $3 billion, according to Bloomberg. British business information company Informa PLC (LSE: INF) also has reached out to the private equity suitors, offering to help finance the winning offer. Read more"
" Insurity Inc., a Hartford, Conn.-based provider of core insurance processing software and data integration, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from General Atlantic. Existing shareholders include Genstar Capital and TA Associates. www.insurity.co"
" Lone Star Funds and JPMorgan Chase & Co. have agreed to acquire Propertize BV, a Dutch ‘bad bank' that holds around EUR 5.5 billion in loans and real estate assets, for around EUR 895 million. Lone Star and JPM beat out a rival bid from Cerberus Capital Management and Goldman Sachs. Read more"
" McKesson  Corp. (NYSE: MCK) has agreed to merge its IT unit with Change Healthcare, in a transaction that would create a new company with combined pro forma annual revenue of $3.4 billion. Change Healthcare previously was known as Emdeon, before being acquired in 2011 for $2.2 billion by The Blackstone Group. Read more"
" Ship Supply, a Miami, Fla.-based portfolio company of H.I.G. Capital, has acquired R.S. Stern Inc., a Baltimore-based ship chandler. No financial terms were disclosed. www.higcapital.co"
" The XLerate Group, a Charleston, S.C.-based auto auction company owned by Huron Capital Partners, has acquired EPI-El Paso, an El Paso, Texas-based operator of weekly financial institution, fleet/lease and dealer consignment sales. No financial terms were disclosed. www.xlelerategroup.co"
"  Talend SA, a French provider of big data integration software, has filed for an $86.25 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TLND, with Goldman Sachs serving as left lead underwriter. The company reports a $5.3 million net loss on $22.8 million in revenue for Q1 2016, compared to a $5.9 million net loss on $17 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Talend has raised around $125 million in VC funding from firms like Silver Lake Sumeru (25.4% pre-IPO stake), Idinvest Partners (20.1%), Balderton Capital (20%), Galileo Partners (8.2%) and Bpifrance (6.9%). www.talend.co"
" GIC, a Singapore sovereign wealth fund, is in talks to acquire Yes Communities, a Denver-based owner of manufactured home communities, from Stockbridge Capital Group, according to the WSJ. The deal could be valued at more than $2 billion. Read more"
" Madison Dearborn Partners has completed its previously-announced sale of Quickplay Media Inc., a Toronto-based provider of over-the-top video solutions, to AT&T (NYSE: T). No financial terms were disclosed. www.quickplay.co"
" Sterne Agee CRT, a Stamford, Conn.-based broker-dealer acquired last year by Aquiline Capital Partners, is shutting down, according to the WSJ. The move results in the layoff of around 200 employees. Read more"
 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (TSX: CM) has agreed to acquire Chicago-based PrivateBancorp (Nasdaq: PVTB) for around $3.8 billion in cash and stock. Read more
"  Broadwell Capital, a new Guernsey-based investment firm focused on “complex, illiquid opportunities,” has closed its debut fund with $1 billion in capital commitments. www.broadwellcapital.co"
 Cinven has closed its sixth flagship private equity fund with EUR 7 billion in capital commitments. www.cinven.co
" GAM (SWX: GAM) has agreed to acquire Cantab Capital Partners, a UK-based systematic asset manager with around $4 billion in assets under management. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cantabcapital.co"
" Origami Capital Partners, a Chicago-based firm that buys “assets trapped in complex legal structures or difficult ownership situations,” has closed its third fund with $371 million in capital commitments. Sixpoint Partners served as placement agent. www.origamicapital.co"
" TorQuest Partners, a Toronto-based private equity firm focused on the middle markets, has closed its fourth fund with C$925 million in capital commitments. www.torquest.co"
"  Steve Hinrichs has joined Monroe Capital as a Los Angeles-based managing director, and group head for Southern California. He previously was a managing director with Capital One Business Credit. www.monroecap.co"
"  Jack Nadal has joined Liberty Hall Capital Partners, a private equity firm focused on the defense and aerospace industries, as a principal. He previously was a senior vice president with Insight Equity. www.libertyhallcapital.co"
 Holger Weiss has joined German VC firm Target Partners as a Berlin-based venture partner. He previously was CEO of connected car company Aupio (sold in 2013 to Panasonic Auto Systems). www.targetpartners.d
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"No column this morning, as I spent most of yesterday in cars and meetings. But at least there was plenty of deal news to blurb. Your regularly-scheduled ramblings will return tomorrow, which you can read as you sit in holiday weekend traffic..."
"  Google Capital has invested $46.35 million into Care.com (NYSE: CRCM), a Waltham, Mass.-based child and senior care marketplace, making it the company’s single largest outside shareholder"
"Some of the proceeds were used to Care.com to repurchase 3.7 million shares of common stock from VC firm Matrix Partners at $8.25 per share, which was a 5% discount to the company’s 30-day volume-weighted average price (and well below the current Care.com price, which jumped 18% on the Google investment news). This is Google Capital’s first-ever investment in a listed company. Read more."
"  Morphic Therapeutic, a Waltham, Mass.-based developer of oral integrin drugs, has raised $51.5 million in Series A funding. SR One and Pfizer Venture Investments co-led the round, and were joined by Omega Funds, AbbVie Ventures and return bacers Polaris Partners, T.A. Springer, Schrödinger Inc. and ShangPharma Investment Group. www.morphictx.co"
"  US HealthVest, a New York-based developer and operator of behavioral health facilities, has raised $50 million in Series B funding. Oak HC/FT led the round, and was joined by return backers Polaris Partners, F-Prime Capital Partners and Dr. Richard Kresch. www.ushealthvest.co"
"  SmartRecruiters, a San Francisco-based enterprise talent acquisition platform, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. Insight Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers like Mayfield. www.smartrecruiters.co"
"  All Def Digital Inc., a Culver City, Calif.-based urban youth programming brand, has raised $10 million in Series B funding. Third Wave Digital Partners led the round, and was joined by WPP Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz and return backers Nu Horizons, Greycroft Partners, eVentures and Advancit Capital. www.wpp.co"
"  Jornaya (f.k.a. LeadiD), a Philadelphia-based “consumer journey insights platform,” has raised $10 million in Series B funding led by Edison Partners. www.jornaya.co"
"  OpsGenie, a Falls Church, Va.-based provider of IT alerting and on-call management solutions, has raised $10 million in Series A funding from Battery Ventures. www.opsgenie.co"
"  ForUsAll, a San Francisco-based provider of 401(k) solutions for small businesses, has raised $9.5 million in Series A funding led by Foundation Capital. www.forusall.co"
"  Vidac Pharma, a Jerusalem-based developer of therapeutics for the treatment of cancer and oncodermatology diseases, has raised $9 million in Series A funding led by Israel Biotech Fund. www.vidacpharma.co"
"  Tempo Automation, a San Francisco-based provider of electronics manufacturing services, has raised $8 million in Series A funding. Lux Capital led the round, and was joined by SoftTech VC, AME Cloud Ventures and return backer Bolt. tempoautomation.co"
"  Dv01, a New York-based analytics platform for the lending markets, has raised $7.5 million in seed funding from Quantum Strategic Partners Ltd., Leucadia National Corp. and Pivot Investment Partners. www.dv01.co"
"  Festicket, a London-based music festival ticket platform, has raised $6.3 million in Series B funding. Lepe Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Wellington Partners, PROfoundders and Playfair Capital. Read more"
"  NeuroVision Imaging LLC, a Sacramento-based developer of retinal imaging technology, has raised $5 million in Series B funding led by Wildcat Capital Management. www.neurovision.co"
"  Mappedin, a Canada-based indoor mapping platform, has raised C$3.5 million in new VC funding led by Green Century Investments. www.mappedin.co"
"  ProducePay, an asset collateralization platform for small farmers, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding. Backers include Menlo Ventures, Arena Ventures, CoVenture, Red Bear Angels and Social Leverage. Read more"
" BandwidthX, a Carlsbad, Calif.-based provider of a real-time WiFi marketplace, has raised an undisclosed amount of VC funding from Orange Digital Ventures. www.bandwidthx.co"
"  Apollo Global Management has agreed to acquire Diamond Resorts International Inc. (NYSE: DRII), a Las Vegas-based operator of timeshare properties. The deal is valued at around $2.2 billion, or $30.25 per share (58% premium to closing price for Diamond Resorts stock on Feb. 24, when the company said publicly that it was exploring strategic options). Read more"
"  Berkshire Partners has acquired Parts Town, an Addison, Ill.-based parts distributor in the foodservice equipment market, from Summit Partners (which will retain a minority equity stake). No financial terms were disclosed. www.partstown.co"
"  Blackboard, an education technology company backed by Providence Equity Partners, has agreed to acquire Higher One Holdings Inc. (NYSE: ONE), a -based provider of online payment software for tuition and fees. The all-cash deal is valued at around $260 million, or $5.15 per share. www.blackboard.co"
"  Bruin Sports Capital has acquired Deltatre, an Italy-based sports media services company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.deltatre.co"
  Clayton Dubilier & Rice and WM Holding have made a binding takeover offer for French furniture retailer BUT Group. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more
"  Freeman Spogli & Co. has acquired City Barbeque, a Dublin, Ohio-based fast-casual barbeque restaurant chain with 26 locations. No financial terms were disclosed. www.citybbq.co"
"  TA Associates has acquired a majority stake in Kiwoko, a Madrid-based pet care retailer, from Prince Capital and Corpfin Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.kiwoko.co"
"  Solasto Corp., a Japanese provider of medical administration services, has been re-listed in Tokyo via a deal that will see owner Carlyle Group sell up to 40% of the company’s share (retaining 10%). Carlyle took Solasto private in 2012 for around $1.5 billion. Read more. www.solasto.co.j"
" Ardian has agreed to sell Laboratoires Anios, a France-based provider of disinfection solutions for the healthcare sector, to Ecolab (NYSE: ECL). No financial terms were disclosed, except that Laboratoires Anios generated around EUR 220 million in 2015 revenue. www.anios.co"
"  inVentiv Group Holdings, a Burlington, Mass.-based provider of outsourced clinical and commercial services to the life sciences market, is seeking a buyer, according to Bloomberg. This means the company, backed by Thomas H. Lee Partners, is running a parallel process to the IPO it filed for in April. Last month, InVentiv Group rival PCI Pharma Services was acquired by Partners Group for more than $1 billion. Read more"
" Jimmy John’s Franchise LLC, a Champaign, Ill.-based sandwich chain, is seeking to sell a “major equity stake to private investors” at a valuation in excess of $2.3 billion (including debt), according to Reuters. The deal would include a 30% equity stake currently held by private equity firm Weston Presidio. The remaining 70% position is held by chain founder Jimmy John Liataud. Read more"
"  PAI Partners and Goldman Sachs are seeking a buyer for Xella, a German buildings materials company, according to Reuters. Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs are managing the process, which is expected to value the company at more than EUR 1.8 billion. An IPO also is possible, although the private equity sponsored failed in a 2015 float attempt for Xella. Read more"
"  Silverfleet Capital has agreed to sell Cimbria, a Danish manufacturer of equipment and processing lines for seed and grain, to AGCO Corp. (NYSE: AGCO) for approximately EUR 310 million. www.silverfleetcapital.co"
  Lionsgate (NYSE: LGF) reportedly is nearing an agreement to acquire Starz (Nasdaq: STRZ) for more than $2.8 billion. Read more
"  Move Loot, a San Francisco-based furniture retail marketplace, has shut down operations and sold its customer list to on-demand home services startup Handy for an undisclosed amount. Move Loot had raised over $20 million in VC funding from firms like Y Combinator, Google Ventures, Index Ventures, Great Oaks Venture Capital, Sherpa Ventures and Metamorphic Ventures. Handy has raised around $115 million from such investors as Fidelity, TPG Growth, Revolution Growth, Tusk Ventures, Highland Capital and General Catalyst. Read more"
"  WellDyneRx Inc., a Lakeland, Fla.-based pharmacy benefits manager, has hired J.P. Morgan Chase to run a limited auction process, according to the WSJ. The deal could be valued at around $1 billion. Read more"
  Ardian has closed its fourth small-cap buyout fund with EUR 1 billion in capital commitmnets. www.ardian.co
"  CVC Capital Partners has raised EUR 2.5 billion for a new global special situations fund, which includes a EUR 650 million allocation to buy bad loans from European banks, as part of a broader . Read more"
  Impact Engine of Chicago has raised $10 million for a seed fund that focuses on for-profit startups that “tie their financial performance to social and environmental impact.” Read more
"  Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers filed documents with the SEC related to its two new funds, which could raise upwards of $1 billion (for new digital growth fund) and $400 million (for its 17th early-stage fund). The Silicon Valley venture firm has not yet held final closes ―although it has both funds fully-subscribed ― according to a source familiar with the situation"
"  Updata Partners, a Washington, D.C.-based VC and private equity firm, has closed its fifth fund with just over $280 million in capital commitments, according to a regulatory filing. www.updatapartners.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Zenefits, the HR software startup that has accused its founder and former CEO of regulatory impropriety, is slashing its valuation to $2 billion from $4.5 billion."
"This is not a ""down-round,"" in which a company raises new equity at a lower share price than the last time around. Instead, this is a repricing of existing stock―and it seems unprecedented (at least for a well-known company)."
"The move was announced internally late yesterday via an email to Zenefits employees by current CEO David Sacks, who was cleared of wrongdoing by the same investigation that found former boss Parker Conrad had written a software program called Macro to circumvent state licensing requirements."
"In the email, Sacks says that he has spent several months ""in discussions with a number of our major investors about how we can reset our relationship... and get fully aligned with the new Zenefits."""
"Per terms of the agreement, investors who participated in the company's $500 million Series C round in May 2015 (led by Fidelity and TPG Growth) will have their ownership stake increased from around 11% to around 25%. The Series C investors also will receive a permanent board seat, while the board also will create a compliance committee. Those that invested in the Series A and Series B rounds ""will receive small adjustments to offset their dilution."""
"So far the investor agreement has been approved by such Zenefits investors as TPG, Fidelity, Insight Venture Partners and Andreessen Horowitz. Sacks writes that the company ""will be offering it to all our investors shortly."""
"Other existing Zenefits shareholders include Comcast Ventures, Founders Fund, Foresite Capital, Institutional Venture Partners, Khosla Ventures, Panorama Point Partners, Otter Rock Capital, Peregrine Ventures and Sound Ventures."
"""This is a unique situation, we’ve never seen it before and we don’t expect to see it again,"" said a spokesperson for Andreessen Horowitz."
"All investors who sign the agreement also are being required to sign a release of claims against the company. Excluded from the release, however, are claims against the $10 million of stock that Parker Conrad sold personally via earlier financings."
"Investors that do not sign the agreement will still have the value of their shares diluted, but would retain the right to sue."
Sacks' email also includes information for employees concerned that the recapitalization will negatively impact the value of their own equity in the company.
"""Each non-executive employee of Zenefits will be 'trued up' through a special stock grant equal to 25% of their current number of shares. This new grant will vest 100% in 12 months. It will consist of RSUs rather than options so that employees don’t have to pay a strike price. Our executive team will also receive additional 4-year grants to incentivize them. However, co-founder/CTO Laks Srini and I have offered not to participate in this true-up in order to ensure that there are enough shares for employees. We will be diluted to the same extent as any other common stockholder."""
"For Sacks, that dilution will hit his personal investment of around $12.5 million into the company."
"Finally, the email reports that Zenefits recently offered all employees the option of a two-month separation package, but that only around 10% accepted. That means that, post separations, Zenefits will have around 900 remaining employees."
"Multiple sources say that Zenefits has no immediate need to raise new funding, although we've been unable to learn its exact cash on hand."
" Best laid leverage plans... Until this Zenefits stuff broke, today's column was going to be about leveraged loan multiples  and, more specifically, how many banks seem to have forgotten the Fed guidance about 6x debt-to-EBITDA caps (based on both anecdote and data). It's one of those things that seemed to cause a temporary LBO financing hiccup, until everyone realized that the SEC doesn't seem to actually care too much. What first were a few exceptions expanded into a lot of exceptions and then expanded into the rule. We'll return to it after the holiday, but always interested in your thoughts via email"
"  Conspiracy buff: Early yesterday afternoon, Peter Kafka reported for Recode that music streaming company Spotify had sent a letter to Apple's general counsel, accusing it of “causing grave harm to Spotify and its customers” by rejecting an update to Spotify's iOS app. Several hours later, the WSJ reported that Apple is in exploratory talks about buying music streaming service Tidal, which is better known for its top artist relationships than its actual number of users"
Perhaps the timing here was just a coincidence. Or perhaps this is a not-so-subtle way of Apple telling Spotify to back off...
 Have a great long weekend. Term Sheet will return  on Tuesday
" Mondelez (Nasdaq: MDLZ) offered to acquire Hershey Co. (NYSE: HSY) has rejected a $23 billion cash and stock takeover bid from Mondelez International (Nasdaq: MDLZ), in a deal that would have created the world's largest candy company. Read more"
"  Index, a San Francisco-based provider of retail software focused on measurement and personalization, has raised $19 million in Series B funding. General Catalyst led the round, and was joined by General Catalyst executive-in-residence (and Datalogix founder) Rob Gierkink. www.index.co"
"  Woven Digital, a Los Angeles-based digital media and content company focused on millennial males, has raised $18.5 million in Series B funding. WPP Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Institutional Venture Partners and Advancit Capital. www.woven.co"
"  Revinate, a San Francisco-based provider of guest experience software for the hospitality industry, has raised $13 million in third-round funding, according to a regulatory filing. The round total could hit $15 million. Existing backers include Tenaya Capital, Northgate Capital, Industry Ventures, Benchmark, Formation 8 and Tao Capital Partners. www.revinate.co"
"  Digi.me, a London-based personal data aggregation and exchange platform, has raised GBP 4.2 million in Series A funding led by Swiss Re. Read more"
"  Cylance, an Irvine, Calif.-based cybersecurity company that leverages artificial intelligence and algorithmic science, said that Citi Ventures has joined a previously-announced $100 million Series D round. The round was co-led by The Blackstone Group and Insight Venture Partners, which were joined by return backers DFJ Growth, KKR, Dell Ventures, Capital One Ventures and TenEleven Ventures. www.cylance.co"
"  Aqua Capital has acquired a control stake in Rural Basil, a Brazilian distributor of agricultural inputs. No financial terms were disclosed. www.aquacapital.ne"
"  Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners have completed their previously-announced acquisition of Vertafore, a Bothell, Wash.-based provider of insurance industry software, from TPG Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.vertafore.co"
"  Bestop Inc., a Louisville, Colo.-based manufacturer of soft tops and fabric accessories for Jeep vehicles, has acquired Baja Designs, a San Marcos, Calif.-based provider of off-road lighting systems for the automotive market. No financial terms were disclosed. Bestop is a portfolio company of Kinderhook Industries LLC. www.bestop.co"
"  Capital Z Partners has acquired Portfolio Group Inc., a Lake Forest, Calif.-based provider of finance and insurance products and services to auto dealers, from Frontenac Co. No financial terms were disclosed. www.frontenac.co"
"  The Carlyle Group has agreed to acquire the Irish business of AA PLC (LSE: AAAA), a British roadside recovery and insurance brokerage company, for approximately $174 million. Read more"
"  Centre Partners has made an investment in Bradford Health Services LLC, a Birmingham, Ala.-based provider of substance abuse treatment and recovery services. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which was done in partnership with company management. www.bradfordhealth.co"
"  Clayton Dubilier & Rice has completed its previously-announced acquisition of German sausage casings maker Kalle from Silverfleet Capital. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Silverfleet says it generated a 3.5x return multiple on its original EUR 71.5 million investment (and a 22.5% IRR). www.crd-inc.co"
"  Conner Industries Inc., a Fort Worth, Texas-based portfolio company of The Argentum Group, has acquired the packaging division of Nebraska-based Golden Triangle Inc. No financial terms were disclosed. www.connerindustries.co"
"  Implus, a Durham, N.C.-based athletic and outdoor accessories company owned by Berkshire Partners, has acquired the insole and medical adhesives assets of Spenco Medical Corp. No financial terms were disclosed. www.implus.co"
"  Inca Rail, the tourist train operator that transports people between Cusco and Machu Picchu in Peru, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from The Carlyle Group. www.carlyle.co"
"  Jones & Frank, a Raleigh, N.C.-based provider of fueling system solutions, has acquired ANS Distributing, a Tucson, Ariz.-based petroleum equipment provider, from KLH Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. Jones & Frank is a portfolio company of MidOcean Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ansdistributing.co"
"  Keystone Capital has acquired Nature Soy Inc., a Philadelphia-based provider of soy and vegetarian products to ethnic markets. No financial terms were disclosed. Baker Tilly Capital managed the process. www.naturesoy.co"
"  Pamlico Capital has sponsored a recapitalization of PrizeLogic LLC, a Southfield, Mich.-based digital promotions company focused on large consumer brands and retailers. No financial terms were disclosed. www.prizelogic.co"
"  Atomera Inc., a Los Gatos, Calif.-based engineered materials company focused on the semiconductor market, has filed for a $20.7 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol ATMR, with National Securities Corp. serving as underwriter. Shareholders in the pre-revenue company include K2 Energy Ltd. (6.4% pre-IPO stake). www.mearstechnologies.co"
"  BioVentus Inc., a Durham, N.C.-based maker of bone stimulation devices, has filed for a $150 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol BIOV, with J.P. Morgan and Piper Jaffray serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $34 million net loss on nearly $254 million in revenue for 2015. Shareholders include Essex Woodlands Health Ventures, Smith & Nephew, Spindletop Healthcare Capital, Pantheon Ventures, Ampersand Capital and Alta Partners. www.bioventusglobal.co"
"  Full Spectrum Inc., a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based developer of wireless communications infrastructure equipment, has filed for a $17.25 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol FMAX, with Joseph Gunnar & Co. serving as underwriter. www.fullspectrumnet.co"
"  Icon Group, an Australian chemotherapy provider for cancer patients, said that it is planning a mid-2017 IPO that would see majority holder Quadrant Private Equity sell its 55% stake. The company added that it is now worth A$1 billion overall. Read more"
"  Syros Pharmaceuticals, a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of gene control therapies for cancer and other diseases, raised $50 million in its IPO. The company priced 4 million shares at $12.50 per share (below $14-$16 range), for an initial market cap of around $284.5 million. The pre-revenue company will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SYRS, while Cowen & Co. and Piper Jaffray served as co-lead underwriters. Shareholders include Flagship Ventures (23.8% pre-IPO stake), Arch Venture Partners (22.9%), Fidelity (11.4%), Deerfield Management (9.1%), Polaris Partners (6.4%) WuXi Healthcare Ventures (5.8%), Redmile Group, Aisling Capital and Alexandria Venture Investments. www.syros.co"
" Apple Leisure, a Caribbean and Mexico resort operator owned by Bain Capital, is exploring sale options after receiving interest form Chinese suitors, according to Reuters. A deal could be valued at more than $1.5 billion. Read more"
 Dick's Sporting Goods (NYSE: DKS) agreed to pay $15 million for the brand name and certain intellectual property of bankrupt retailer Sports Authority. Read more
" Sungevity Inc., an Oakland-based residential and commercial solar energy systems provider and installer, is going public via a reverse merger with special purpose acquisition company Easterly Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: EACQ). Sungevity has raised around $330 million in funding from firms like Craton Equity Partners, E.On, Jetstream Ventures, Apollo Investment Corp., GE Ventures and Hercules Technology Growth Capital. Read more"
" Shasta Ventures is raising up to $300 million for its fifth fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.shastaventures.co"
"  Wendy Jarchow has joined River SaaS Capital, a provider of debt financing for SaaS businesses, as chief investment officer. She previously was a venture partner at JumpStart Inc. www.riversaascapital.co"
"  Jean-Pierre Mustier has been named CEO of Italian lender UniCredit, succeeding the departing Federico Ghizzoni. Mustier had led investment banking for UniCredit until leaving the bank in 2014. Read more"
  The Securities and Exchange Commission has named C. Dabney O’Riordan as co-chief of the Division of Enforcement’s asset management unit. www.sec.go
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Zenefits, the HR software startup whose former CEO has been accused of creating software that illegally sidestepped state regulators, last week slashed its valuation from $4.5 billion to $2 billion, in an unprecedented stock repricing that was designed to prevent its investors from demanding their money back and/or suing for fraud."
"As part of the deal, Series C investors had their ownership stake increased from around 11% to 25%. Series A and Series B investors received “small adjustments to offset their dilution” (i.e., got crammed down a bit, but believe the trade-off might help salvage their investment). Current employees, save for top executives, received special stock grants to effectively be made whole."
"So everyone is happy, moving on, and fully aligned with the mission of restoring Zenefits to its former glory."
"Well, except some former employees."
"If you worked at Zenefits and left prior to this agreement, there is a pretty good chance that you exercised your stock options. And, if so, you may have paid an exercise price that was tied to a $4.5 billion valuation that now both the company and its investors say was based on fraudulent information. Or perhaps based on an earlier valuation set by venture capitalists whose own holdings have since been modified. But unlike VCs or current employees, you’re not getting restitution."
"Fortune has spoken to several corporate attorneys, who say these former employees likely have legal standing for rescission. What remains unclear, however, is how Zenefits plans to handle such claims, if they arise."
"One option for Zenefits, of course, would be to fight them ― particularly if the options were exercised after the alleged fraud became publicly known, but before the repricing agreement. More likely, however, the company already has added up all of the possible claims, and has set aside a pot of money to repay ex-employees who qualify (perhaps at the exercise price)."
"“This is still a pretty young company so the number of people who left with a lot of vested stock isn’t probably too high,” says one attorney."
"One key under this scenario, however, would be that former employees would need to actually make rescission claims, as there is no indication that Zenefits has proactively communicated such an offer."
Zenefits has not yet responded to requests for comment on the matter.
"  Gores Group has agreed to acquire Twinkies maker Hostess Brands, and then take the company public via a reverse merger with a special purpose acquisition vehicle. Gores will pay $375 million in cash to Hostess shareholders like Apollo Global Management, while individuals like Gores Group founder Alec Gores and current Hostess backer C. Dean Metropoulos will invest another $350 million via a private placement. Read more"
"  CStone Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd., a Chinese pharma startup led by ex-Novartis exec Frank Jiang, has raised $150 million in Series A funding from Oriza Seed Venture Capital, Boyu Capital and WuXi Healthcare Ventures. www.wuxiventures.co"
" Renivate, a San Francisco-based provider of hotel management software focused on guest experience personalization, has raised nearly $13 million in Series C funding. Sozo Ventures was joined by return backers Benchmark, Tenaya Capital, Formation 8, Northgate Capital, GC Hotel Tech, Tao Capital Partners and Industry Ventures. www.renivate.co"
" Everplans, a New York-based online estate and legacy planning platform, has raised $6.4 million in Series A funding. Mousse Partners led the round, and was joined by Aegon, Transamerica Ventures and RGAx. www.everplans.co"
" Theva, a Germany-based developer of high-temperature superconductors, has raised EUR 6.4 in second-round funding. eCapital led the round, and was joined by the Bavarian Growth Fund and return backers Target Partners and Bayerische Beteiligungsgesellschaft. www.theva.co"
" Natural Cycles, a Swedish provider of fertility software, has raised $6 million in Series A funding. Bonnier Media Growth led the round, and was joined by seed backers Sunstone Ventures and e-ventures. Read more"
" Network Locum, a London-based provider of healthcare staffing and workplace management software, has raised £5.3 million in Series B funding led by BGF Ventures. Read more"
" Echobox, a London-based AI service for the digital publishing service, has raised $3.4 million in new VC funding. Mangrove Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by LocalGlobe. www.echoboxapp.co"
" Zahroof Valves Inc., a Houston-based maker of valves for reciprocating gas compressors, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series C funding. Saudi Aramco Energy Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backer NGP Energy Technology Partners. www.zahroofvalves.co"
"  CVC Capital Partners has offered to acquire Nirvana Asia Ltd. (HK: 1438), a Malaysia-based funeral services company, for more than $900 million, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" GTCR has completed its acquisition of Optimal Blue, a Plano, Texas-based provider of loan program eligibility and pricing solutions, and has committed to invest up to $350 million (including possible add-on acquisitions). Sellers include Serent Capital. www.optimalblue.co"
" Marlin Equity Partners has acquired Teradata Marketing Applications, a provider of marketing operations and execution software, from Teradata Corp. (NYSE: TDC). No financial terms were disclosed. www.marlinequity.co"
" Norvestor Group has agreed to acquire Eneas Group, a provider of corporate energy services to small and medium sized enterprises in the Nordic region, from Palamon Capital Partners for approximately EUR 80 million. www.eneasenergy.co"
" Olympus Partners has acquired AmSpec Holding Corp., a Cranbury, N.J.-based provider of testing, inspection and certification services for petroleum traders and refiners. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Incline Equity Partners. www.amspecllc.co"
" Partners Group is leading a buyout of Foncia, a French provider of residential property services, from Bridgepoint and Eurazeo. No financial terms were disclosed. Other members of the buying consortium include Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec and CIC Capital Corp. No financial terms were disclosed. Foncia reports EUR 700 million in 2015 revenue and a management portfolio of more than 1.8 million properties. www.foncia.co"
" Royal Adhesives & Sealants LLC, a South Bend, Ind.-based portfolio company of American Securities, has acquired Bacon Adhesives, an Irvine, Calif.-based maker of electrically and thermally-conductive adhesives. No financial terms were disclosed. www.royaladhesives.co"
" Thoma Bravo has agreed to acquire Trader Corp., a Canadian provider of auto dealer advertising solutions, from Apax Partners for approximately C$1.575 billion (including debt). www.thomabravo.co"
" Transport Holdings LLC, a Pittsburgh-based portfolio company of Revelstoke Capital Partners, has acquired Jones Motor Group, a Limerick, Penn.-based provider of asset-light transportation solutions like carrier and hot shot trucking services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.jonesmotor.co"
" AdvancePierre Foods Holdings, a Blue Ash, Ohio-based maker of ready-to-eat sandwiches and related products for retail and foodservice customers, has set its IPO terms to 18.6 million shares being offered at between $20 and $23 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $1.69 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. AdvancePierre reports $46 million of net income on $1.6 billion in revenue for 2015, and is owned by Oaktree Capital Management. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol APFH, with Barclays listed as left-lead underwriter. www.advancepierre.co"
" FOTV Media Networks, a Beverly Hills, Calif.-based provider of live TV streaming services, has filed for an IPO of 3.75 million shares being offered at $8 per share. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol FOTV, with Bonmark Capital Partners and Network 1 Financial Securities serving as co-lead underwriters. The company reports a $6 million net loss on $3.5 million in revenue for Q1 2016. www.fotv.filmon.co"
" Kinsale Capital Group, a Richmond, Va.-based specialty insurer focused on the excess and surplus lines market, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol KNSL, with J.P. Morgan and William Blair serving as lead underwriters. The company reports $5.3 million of net income on around $33 million in revenue for Q1 2016. Shareholders include Moelis Capital Partners"
" YETI Holdings Inc., an Austin, Texas-based outdoor and recreation products maker owned by Cortec Group, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol YETI, with BofA Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley serving as co-lead underwriters. The company reports a $38 million net loss on $191 million in revenue for Q1 2016. www.cortecgroup.co"
" 3i Group has hired Jefferies Group to find a buyer for OneMed Group, a Finland-based medical supplies distributor, according to Bloomberg. A sale could be worth upwards of EUR 500 million. Read more"
" 3i Group has sold its minority equity stake in GEKA, a German maker of cosmetic brushes, to Sulzer Ltd. (Swiss: SUN) for EUR 102 million (overall deal valued at EUR 260 million). Read more"
" L Catterton has hired Rothschild & Co. and Morgan Stanley to explore options for Ferrara, an Oakbrook Terrace, Ill.-based candy maker, according to Bloomberg. The company reportedly could be valued at around $2 billion in an IPO or sale (including $1 billion in debt). Read more"
" Permira has agreed to sell Intelligrated, a Mason, Ohio-based provider of fulfillment solutions, to Honeywell (NYSE: HON) for $1.5 billion in cash. Losing bidders reportedly include Toyota Industries Corp. (Tokyo: 6201). Permira had acquired the company in 2012 for approximately $500 million. www.intelligrated.co"
" China International Capital Corp. (HK: 3908) is in merger talks with China Investment Securities, according to Bloomberg. The combined companies would have around $28 billion in assets. Read more"
" Deutsche Telekom (DB: DTE) is preparing to sell thousands of mobile towers in Germany for upwards of EUR 5 billion, according to Reuters. Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are managing the process. Read more"
 National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank have won board approval for a merger that will create a Middle Eastern bank with $175 billion in assets under management. Read more
 Voith has agreed to sell its 25.1% stake in German robot maker Kuka (DB: KU2) to China’s Midea for approximately EUR 1.2 billion. Read more
"  HQ Capital (f.k.a. Auda), a German private equity firm focused on small and mid-sized companies, has closed its seventh fund with $375 million in capital commitments. www.hqcapital.co"
  Monsanto and Microsoft announced a joint partnership to invest in Brazilian agricultural technology startups. Read more
" Via Venture Partners, a VC and private equity firm focused on Nordic tech companies, has raised around $150 million for its third fund. Limited partners include Danish pension funds PFA and ATP. www.viaventurepartners.co"
" Marc Bolland, former CEO of retailer Marks & Spencer, has agreed to join The Blackstone Group as head of European private equity portfolio operations. Read more"
" Richard Boyle has joined VC firm Canaan Partners as a partner. He previously was chairman and CEO of LoopNet, before it was acquired in 2012 for around $900 million by CoStar Group (Nasdaq: CSGP). www.canaan.co"
" Michael Gilbert has joined PJT Partners as a managing director, according to his LinkedIn profile. He previously was with Credit Suisse as an investment banker focused on media deals. www.pjtpartners.co"
" The Indiana Pubic Retirement System has promoted Scott Davis from deputy chief investment officer to CIO, and private equity director Bo Ramsey to deputy CIO. The moves follow last fall’s departure of CIO David Cooper, who left to join the Perdue Research Foundation. Read more"
Steven Whitaker has joined European private equity firm Equistone Partners as chief operating officer. He previously was COO with Vision Capital. www.equistonepe.com
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"It has been more than three years since the Federal Reserve and FDIC issued leveraged loan guidance to banks, suggesting that any debt-to-EBITDA ratios in excess of 6x (for most industries) is too high."
"And, for a while, it seemed that the suggestion was being taken to heart by Wall Street, thus causing financing heartburn among buyout firms. Deals above 6x did, of course, get done — but often were pitched by lenders as particularly solid exceptions to their rules. But, according to private equity sources, those exceptions eventually expanded into ""baskets"" of exceptions. And, as time went on, banks stopped talking about exceptions altogether."
"Pitchbook reports that debt-to-EBITDA multiples for private equity deals with U.S. targets in 2016 has hit a whopping 6.8x. S&P LDC reports a global average of 5.36x for Q1 2016,  although the figure did top 6x in the third quarters of both 2015 and 2014. Moreover, S&P LDC data shows that large-market deals typically have higher leverage ratios than do mid-market deals, with the Q1 16 large-market figure hitting 5.6x (and, remember, that's a mean, not a median)."
"Or, put another way, both lenders and private equity firms are regularly ignoring the Fed's guidance — and appear to be easily getting away with it (likely because no individual deal is likely to present a systemic risk, and loan syndication makes the ""baskets"" more like a sieve)."
" Beating a benefits horse: Yesterday we discussed how some former Zenefits employees might have legitimate rescission claims against the company, based on its recent share repricing. We've now heard from a company spokeswoman, who shared two new pieces of information"
"(1) ""No former Zenefits employees have approached us on this issue"" of rescission. (2) Any investor who participates in/signs the share repricing agreement releases their legal claims not only against the company and its executives, but also against its directors and other investors."
" Speaking (even more) of Zenefits: Parker Conrad, the Zenefits co-founder and former CEO who has been accused by the company of creating a stealthy piece of software to bypass state regulations, is quietly working on a new startup that could compete with at least parts of Zenefits"
"This development isn't new news (others have reported it before), but we've gotten a bit more granular detail of Conrad's plans (which are, admittedly, still fairly embryonic)."
"The goal is to solve the enterprise pain-point of onboarding new employees. Specifically, all of the time wasted by corporate IT and HR in helping a new employee set up all required pieces of software (e.g., Box, Slack, Concur, health insurance portals, etc.). Conrad wants new employees to be able to sit down at their desk on day one with a new device that already is preloaded with all the relevant technology, including the necessarily permissions, which his startup would configure and deliver."
Conrad declined comment.
"  Mid-market move: Elizabeth Burgess stepped down as a senior partner with Altus Capital Partners, the mid-market private equity firm she co-founded in 2003. No word yet on her future plans"
"Altus managing partner Russ Greenberg says that the departure does not reflect plans to begin raising a third fund, as the firm is only around 70% committed out of its $200 million second fund -- saying that marketing couldn't begin until that figure hits 90%. It's also worth noting that Altus today announced that Heidi Goldstein has been promoted to partner. Greenberg's brother, Greg, is now the firm's sole senior partner."
"  Running start: Forerunner Ventures has quietly closed its third fund with $122 million in capital commitments. The news was first disclosed in an SEC filing, and confirmed by firm founder Kirsten Green, who says the investment strategy remains focused on early-stage commerce companies. The San Francisco-based firm's second fund was capped at $75 million (including a $20m extension)"
"  Coming attractions: We're less than a week away from the start of Fortune Brainstorm Tech, our annual confab in Aspen for top tech executives, investors and thinkers. Yesterday we announced a new session on the intersection of sports, technology and media, which will be moderated by yours truly. The participants will be: Kevin Tsujihara, chairman and CEO of Warner Brothers; Maverick Carter, co-founder and CEO of SpringHill Entertainment/Uninterrupted; and Draymond Green of the Golden State Warriors"
"Brainstorm Tech is sold-out, but we'll be live-streaming many of the sessions (including the one I just mentioned) at Fortune.com. Get the full agenda by going here."
"  Darktrace, a London-based provider of enterprise cybersecurity software, has raised $65 million in growth equity funding. KKR led the round, and was joined by TenEleven Ventures, SB ISAT Fund (affiliate of SoftBank) and return backer Summit Partners. www.darktrace.co"
"  HourlyNerd, a Boston-based freelancer marketplace, has raised $22 million in Series C funding. General Catalyst Partners led the round, and was joined by Highland Capital Partners, GE Ventures, Mark Cuban, Greylock Partners and Bob Doris (Accanto Partners). The company previously raised more than $11 million. Read more"
"  Twistlock, a San Francisco-based provider of security solutions for virtual containers, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. TenEleven Ventures led the round, and was joined by Rally Ventures and return backer YL Ventures. www.twistlock.co"
"  Veriflow, a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of network breach and outage prevention solutions, has raised $8.2 million in Series A funding. Menlo Ventures led the round, and was joined by return baker NEA. www.veriflow.co"
"  Homee, a Los Angeles-based home décor app, has raised $5 million in Series A funding from Founders Fund and Sean Rad (Tinder CEO). Read more"
"  Convenience Valet, a portfolio company of Weinberg Capital Group, has acquired Mendex Merchandising, a Melrose Park, Ill-based provider of branded health and beauty care products. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cvalet.co"
"  Equistone Partners Europe has acquired a majority stake in Camusat Group, a French provider of maintenance and installation of telecom infrastructure networks. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include MBO Partenaires. www.camusat.co"
"  Gryphon Investors has acquired CORA Health Services Inc., an operator of operator of outpatient physical therapy services with a focus on the Southeastern U.S. No financial terms were disclosed. www.gryphoninvestors.co"
"  Kingswood Capital Management has acquired AVAD LLC, a Sherman Oaks, Calif.-based distributor of audio and video solutions focused on the commercial and residential custom installation markets, from Ingram Micro (NYSE: IM). No financial terms were disclosed. www.avad.co"
"  KKR has agreed to acquire Epicor Software Corp., an Austin, Texas-based provider of sales and supply chain management software, from Apax Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.epicor.co"
" Mountain Capital Management, a Houston-based private equity firm, has agreed to acquire the oil and gas subsidiary (Compass Production Partners) of HRG Group Inc. (NYSE: HRG) for $145 million. www.hrggroup.co"
" RoundTable Healthcare Partners has completed its previously-announced $150 million take-private acquisition of Symmetry Surgical Inc., a Nashville, Tenn.-based maker of reusable, reposable, and single-use surgical instrumentation and specialty devices. No financial terms were disclosed. www.symmetrysurgical.co"
" Valet Waste, a Tampa, Fla.-based portfolio company of Ares Management and Harvest Partners, has acquired Simple Turns, a Denver-based provider of carpet cleaning, painting, porter services, apartment cleaning and turn services to the multifamily housing industry. No financial terms were disclosed. www.valetwaste.co"
" Line   Corp ., a South Korean messaging app provider, has set its IPO terms to 35 million shares being offered at between  $28.50 and $32.50 per share. It plans a dual listing on the NYSE and Tokyo Stock Exchange, with Morgan Stanley and Nomura serving as co-lead underwriters. Read more"
" SGN, the Los Angeles-based gaming company led by ex-MySpace CEO Chris DeWolfe, has acquired TinyCo, a San Francisco-based mobile game studio. No financial terms were disclosed. TjnyCo had raised around $38 million in VC funding from firms like Andreessen Horowitz and Pinnacle Ventures. Read more"
" Ventas Inc. (NYSE: VTR) has agreed to acquire a portfolio of 23 operating life sciences and medical properties from The Blackstone Group for around $1.5 billion. As part of the deal, Ventas and the seller – a Blackstone portfolio company called Wexford Science & Technology LLC – will jointly develop new projects. Read more"
" Alibaba (NYSE: BABA) has acquired Wandoujia, a Chinese app store for Android devices, for a reported $200 million. Read more"
" Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) has acquired Moodstocks, a French developer of mobile image recognition software, for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
" Medivation (Nasdaq: MDVN) said yesterday that it now is open to a possible sale, and that it will engage in takeover talks with Sanofi (which tried to buy the company for $9.3 billion earlier this year, but was rejected). Medivation also is allowing Pfizer and Celgene to conduct due diligence. Read more"
" Melrose Industries PLC (LSE: MRO) has agreed to acquire Nortek Inc. (Nasdaq: NTK), a Providence, R.I.-based maker of heating and cooling systems for residential and commercial buildings. The deal is valued at $1.44 billion in cash, or $856 per share (38% premium). Read more"
  Edison Partners has closed its eighth growth equity fund with $275 million in capital commitments. www.edisonpartners.co
"  NextGen Growth Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm focused on the lower middle-markets, has held a $22.25 million first close on its debut fund. www.nextgengp.co"
"  TriGuard Management LLC of Irvine, Calif. has raised more than $660 million for its seventh private equity secondaries fund. Read more"
"  Trivest Partners, a Miami, Fla.-based private equity firm focused on founder and family-owned businesses, has closed its sixth fund with $225 million in capital commitments. www.trivest.co"
"  Jeremy Cross has joined Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP as a London-based partner in the law firm’s fund finance practice. He previously was with King & Wood Mallesons. www.cadwalader.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Earlier this year I was in an elevator with Rich Miner, the Android co-founder who has been a general partner with Google Ventures since the group was formed in 2009. We talked about our kids, and the difficulty in finding quality educational apps and other kid-focused Internet services that weren't primarily either: (a) Babysitters; and/or (b) Ad delivery devices."
"At the time, it just felt like idle elevator conversation. But that was my mistake, because Miner is now planning to launch an education-focused company within Google. This also means that he'll be stepping down as a general partner with GV, transitioning into a venture partner role through which he'll maintain some of his existing portfolio board seats."
"""It's not surprising that Rich wants to go build something new,"" says GV CEO Bill Maris. ""He's an adventurous person who jumped into this thing with me, so what was to my benefit years ago is now to my detriment. But I'm really excited for what Rich has in front of him."""
"Miner says that ""walking away from GV is an incredibly hard decision for me,"" but that he has spent two years thinking about how he could build something new around education."
"""I first thought about this as a startup, but then talked to Larry [Page] and... pitched Sundar [Pichai] who said, 'Let's do it.,'"" says Miner, who adds that some of Google's existing education assets are why it's being done as a Google project instead of as an Alphabet company."
"""I don’t actually know exactly what we’re building yet,"" Miner adds. ""Just like Android took us our years to get the first device out and I helped create WildFire 25 years ago as a voice-based personal assistant, which is just now starting to happen. This vision is another big idea, but it will take time."""
"Miner plans to remain in Cambridge, Mass., but most of his team will be based in Google's Mountain View headquarters. Google Ventures will continue to have several investors based in Cambridge, most of whom focus on life sciences."
"  Recommended reading: FBI Director James Comey today is expected to be grilled by a House panel, regarding his decision to recommend that the Department of Justice not seek an indictment against Hillary Clinton over her use of a personal email server while Secretary of State. Politico's Garrett Graff has a fascinating piece about how Comey's three-year stint at Bridgewater Associates -- the hedge fund led by Ray Dalio -- helped prepare him for this moment. Read it here"
"  Courthouse update: As expected, disgraced private equity placement agent (and apparent gambling addict) Andrew Caspersen has plead guilty to orchestrating a scheme to defraud investors like Moore Charitable Foundation of around $38.5 million, and misappropriate over $8 million from former employer Park Hill Group (now part of PJT Partners). Specifically, he plead guilty to one count of securities fraud and one count of wire fraud. Sentencing is scheduled for November. Here is some of our prior coverage"
"  Coming attractions: We've just added a few more participants for Fortune Brainstorm Tech, which kicks off on Monday from Aspen. They include: Steve Case (chairman and CEO of Revolution), Amy Wilkinson (Stanford GSB professor and author of The Creator's Code), Emil Michael (chief biz officer at Uber) and Sarah Personette (VP of global biz marketing at Facebook). Full agenda is available here"
"  Avast Software, a Prague-based security software company backed by CVC Capital Partners and Summit Partners, has agreed to acquire AVG Technologies NV (NYSE: AVG), a Dutch provider of device security software. The deal is valued at approximately $1.3 billion in cash, or $25 per share (33.05% premium over yesterday’s closing price). Read more"
"  Brillen.de, a German multi-channel eyewear provider, has raised EUR 45 million in new growth equity funding from Technology Crossover Ventures. www.brillen.d"
" Light, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based maker of a multi-aperture co mputational camera, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. Google Ventures led the round, and was joined by Foxconn, Paul Jacobs and return backers Bessemer Venture Partners, CRV, Eclipse Ventures and StepStone Group. www.light.c"
" BevSpot, a Boston-based beverage management software platform for the hospitality industry, has raised $11 million in Series B funding led by Bain Capital Ventures. Read more"
" Service Partners One, a Berlin-based digital office management company, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. EQT Ventures led the round, and was joined by Target Global, Vito Ventures, Rheingau Founders, Ringier Digital Ventures and Earlybird Venture Capital. www.servicepartnerone.co"
" Post-Quantum (PQ), a UK-based quantum encryption startup, has raised GBP 8 million in Series B funding. Backers include VMS Investment Group and AM Partners. Read more"
" Black Swan Data, a London-based provider of data integration and classification services, has raised GBP 6.2 million in Series B funding. Albion Ventures led the round, and was joined by Blackstone Group and Mitsui & Co. Read more"
" Riffyn, an Oakland-based provider of cloud-based research process design software, has raised an undisclosed amount of VC funding from Siemens Venture Capital. The company has now raised a total of $4.6 million, including earlier investments from Bioeconomy Capital and OATV. www.riffyn.co"
" EarnUp, a San Francisco-based platform for automating loan payments, has raised $3 million in seed funding. Backers include Blumberg Capital, Kapor Capital, Camp One Ventures and Fenway Summer Ventures. www.earnup.co"
" Syntax, a Montreal-based provider of cloud and other enterprise tech solutions to North American businesses, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Novacap. www.syntax.co"
"  Apollo Global Management, CVC Capital Partners and Rhone Capital have made the final round of bidding for Ferro Corp. (NYSE: FOE), a Mayfield Heights, Ohio-based specialty materials company whose market cap is now around $1.1 billion, according to Bloomberg. Lazard is managing the process. Read more"
" Ardian and GHO Capital have acquired Envision Pharma Group, a Philadelphia-based scientific communications and technology company, from The Halifax Group. No financial terms were disclosed. www.envisionpharmagroup.co"
" Bruckmann, Rosser, Sherrill & Co. has acquired Daisy Outdoor Products, a Rogers, Ark.-based maker of airguns, archery products and other outdoor accessories. No financial terms were disclosed. The deal was done via BRS Outdoor Sports Holdings, whose other shareholders include Frist Capital, Bixby Bridge Capital, Swift River Investments and Quilvest Private Equity. www.daisy.co"
" CAI Capital Management has acquired CHP, a Canadian manufacturer of residential and commercial gas fireplaces under the Montigo brand. No financial terms were disclosed. www.montigo.co"
" Confie Seguros, a personal insurance company focused on Hispanic consumers, has acquired two insurance brokerages in New York State: Sprague Insurance (Corning) and J.N. Mason (Hancock and Monticello). No financial terms were disclosed. Confie Seguros is a portfolio company of ABRY Partners. www.confieseguros.co"
" GuestLogix Inc., a Toronto-based provider of onboard retail technology provider for the travel sector, has agreed to be acquired by a Canadian investor group that includes Stornoway Portfolio Management, Bridgecorp Canada, Logan Peak Capital and Klass Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.guestlogix.co"
" Industrial Growth Partners has acquired Des-Case Corp., a Goodlettsville, Tenn.-based provider of contamination control products and services for industrial lubricants, from Pfingsten Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.descase.co"
" New Mountain Capital has acquired Strategic Partners Inc., a Carlsbad, Calif.-based provider of medical scrubs and other uniforms, from Partners Group and Avista Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.newmountaincapital.co"
" Outlaw Beverage, a Beverly Hills, Calif.-based maker of branded energy drinks, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Grand Crossing Capital Partners. www.grandcrossing.co"
 There is no IPO news this morning
" Arlon Group has acquired Idaho Pacific Holdings Inc., a Ririe, Idaho-based provider of dehydrated potato products, from Novacap. No financial terms were disclosed. www.idahopacific.co"
" Permira has opened talks to sell Asia Broadcast Satellite (ABS), a Hong Kong-based satellite operator, in a deal that could be worth upwards of $1 billion, according to the FT. Interested suitors include Hispasat (Madrid) and JSAT Corp. (Japan). Goldman Sachs is managing the process. Read more"
" Teladoc Inc. (NYSE: TDOC) has agreed to acquire HealthiestYou, a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based mobile patient engagement platform. The deal is valued at $125 million in cash ($45m) and stock. HealthiestYou backers include Frontier Capital and UnitedHealth Group Ventures. www.healthiestyou.co"
" Danone SA (Paris: BN) has agreed to acquire WhiteWave Foods Co. (NYSE: WWAV), a Denver-based maker of organic food products like Silk almond milk and Earthbound Farm Organic salad mixes, for $12.5 billion in cash, or $56.25 per share. Read more"
" Gannett Co. (NYSE: GCI) has agreed to acquire North Jersey Media Group, publisher of a group of newspapers that include The Record of Bergen County. No financial terms were disclosed, although Gannett said that acquisition would add around $90 million in annual revenue to the company. Read more"
"  Partners Group announced plans to office an office in Manila this September, which would be its seventh Asia office. www.partnersgroup.co"
  Catherine Dupéré has joined Isomer Capital as a London-based principal. She previously was an associate director with BDC Capital. www.isomercapital.co
 Martyn Holman has joined UK-based venture firm Forward Partners as a partner. He previously spent three years as an investment director with Oxford Capital. www.forwardpartners.co
" Norwest Equity Partners has promoted Andrew Cantwell to partner. He joined the firm in 2006, and sits on the boards of Norwest portfolio companies Edge Fitness, Marco, Minnesota Rubber & Plastics, Movati Athletic and Stanton Carpet Corp. www.nep.co"
 Kevin Turner is stepping down as COO of Microsoft in order to become CEO of Citadel Securities. Read more
" Troy Williams and Prateek Aneja have joined University Ventures as a managing director and vice president, respectively. They previously were with Wells Fargo Securities. www.universityventures.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings on one of the more upsetting mornings of the year (and that's saying something in 2016). A bunch of notes to kick off your Friday, as the business of business goes on:"
" Irreconcilable differences: Silicon Valley was rocked in March when venture capitalist Michael Goguen, then with Sequoia Capital, was sued by former girlfriend Amber Baptiste, for allegedly raping and systemically abusing her over a 13-year period. Now the accuser’s lawyer wants out"
"Baptiste was represented on her complaint by Patricia Glaser, a Los Angeles-based attorney known for representing such high-profile clients as Miley Cyrus, Paula Deen, Kirk Kerkorian, and Conan O’Brien."
"Several weeks ago, however, Glaser’s firm quietly requested that it be allowed to withdraw from the case. From a motion filed with the court:"
"“During the course of Glaser Weil’s representation of Client, irreconcilable differences developed between Glaser Weil and Client regarding the strategy, handling, and course of these proceedings and there has been a breakdown of communications between Glaser Weil and Client, such that Glaser Weil cannot continue its representation.”"
Glaser’s office declined to comment further when contacted by Fortune.
"The court has not yet ruled on Glaser’s request, nor is there any public information as to what other lawyer Baptiste might choose to represent her (both on her complaint, and also on a counter-complaint filed by Goguen). A trial is scheduled to begin in May 2017."
"  Lexicon lesson: Ride-hailing giant Uber reportedly has secured $1.5 billion in leveraged loans, which come with a 5% coupon. Wondering if we now need to introduce a new term. How does ""leveraged venture capital"" sound? IOUnicorns"
" Big Bain Boom: Bain Capital Ventures has closed its latest flagship fund with $600 million in capital commitments (which matches both its target and its hard cap). That's a bit less than the $650 million BCV raised back in 2014, but it subsequently added a $200 million co-investment pool that still has significant dry powder"
"No new GP or investment strategy changes this time around, except that the Boston-based firm continues to slowly increase its deal activity in Silicon Valley (where it now has three managing directors and a partner)."
" Today in Theranos: Elizabeth Holmes has now been banned by federal regulators from owning or operating a medical lab for at least two years, and Theranos itself has received a similar ban. There also is a monetary fine and cancellation of the Theranos lab’s approval to receive Medicare and Medicaid payments for its services"
"I've been hesitant to say ""it's over"" during the company's tumultuous past year. But I don't see how it comes back from this, including how it would finance such a comeback. Read more here."
" In memoriam: Larry Bock, an entrepreneur and venture capitalist known for his evangelism of nanotechnology, passed away last week at 56 year-old after a battle with pancreatic cancer. It's a terrible loss for both the scientific and investing communities"
"Josh Wolfe of Lux Capital, where Larry was a special limited partner, has written this beautiful remembrance. And here is a commencement address he gave in 2007 at the University of California Berkeley. He will be missed."
" Have a relaxing weekend, as we collectively process a very difficult week. Term Sheet will return on Monday from Aspen, where Fortune Brainstorm Tech kicks off at 2pm local time"
"  Siris Capital has agreed to acquire Polycom Inc. (Nasdaq: PLCM), a San Jose, Calif.-based maker of videoconferencing equipment, for approximately $2 billion in cash, or $12.50 per share. This means that Polycom plans to terminate an existing agreement to be acquired for $1.96 billion by Mitel Networks (Nasdaq: MITL). Read more"
"  SmartNews, a Japan-based mobile news aggregation app, has raised $38 million in Series D funding. Development Bank of Japan led the round, and was joined by SMBC Venture Capital and Japan Co-Invest. TechCrunch reports that the deal values SmartNews at between $500 million and $600 million (post-money), compared to its prior valuation of $320 million. Read more"
" CoolaData, an Israeli provider of a cloud-based behavioral analytics platform for business intelligence, has raised $5.6 million in VC funding from Salesforce Ventures, TEEC Angel Fund and the existing investors in CoolaData's Series A, 83North and Carmel Ventures. www.cooladata.co"
" Airwallex, a cross-border transactions startup with offices in China and Australia, has raised $3 million in seed funding. Gobi Partners led the round, and was joined by Huashan Capital One and Billy Tam (CEO of Easylink Payments). Read more"
" Drupe, an Israel-based mobile interface overlay, has raised $3 million in new VC funding from Canaan Partners Israel and Sweet Capital. www.getdrupe.co"
" Vyclone, a Los Angeles-based social video creation and collaboration app, is shutting down. The company had raised $2.7 million in Series A funding in 2012 at a $14.3 million pre-money valuation, from A-Grade Investments, Live Nation Entertainment, Thrive Capital and DreamWorks Animation SKG. Read more"
"  Astra Capital Management has acquired Logix Communications, an Oklahoma City-based provider of fiber-based enterprise voice and data services, from a unit of j2 Global (Nasdaq: JCOM). No financial terms were disclosed, except that additional equity commitments came from Wafra Investment Advisory Group and DB Private Equity, while debt financing was led by Brightwood Capital. www.logix.co"
" Clayton Dubilier & Rice is among those preparing to submit final bids for Leroy-Somer, the alternator business of Emerson Electric (NYSE: EMR), according to Reuters. The deal is expected to be valued at around $1.1 billion, with a pair of Chinese strategics also reportedly interested. Read more"
" Crimson Ventures has acquired a minority equity stake in Thrivist LLC, a Franklin, Tenn.-based learning and analytics platform for K-12 schools. No financial terms were disclosed. www.thrivist.co"
" Oak Hill Capital Partners has agreed to acquire Oxford Networks, a provider of fiber-optic bandwidth infrastructure services in Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts. Sellers include Novacap and Bank Street Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, following which Oak Hill will merge Oxford Networks with FirstLight Fiber (which Oak Hill agreed to buy in March from Riverside Partners. www.oxfordnetworks.co"
" Serent Capital has acquired a minority equity stake in Docutech, an Idaho Falls, Idaho-based provider of compliance and documentation technology. No financial terms were disclosed. www.docutech.co"
" Thoma Bravo has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Elemica, a Wayne, Penn.-based supply chain operating network for process industries. No financial terms were disclosed. www.elemica.co"
 There is no IPO news this morning
" Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) has acquired Anvato, a Mountain View, Calif.-based media streaming and monetization platform. No financial terms were disclosed. Anvato had raised just over $3 million in VC funding in 2008, from firms like Oxantium Ventures. Read more"
" Humana (NYSE: HUM) shares fell 11% yesterday, following reports that the U.S. Department of Justice has serious concerns about its proposed acquisition by Aetna (NYSE: AET). Read more"
" LeadPages, a Minneapolis-based landing page and lead generation platform, has acquired Drip, a Fresno, Calif.-based marketing automation company. No financial terms were disclosed. LeadPages has raised around $38 million in VC funding from Drive Capital, Foundry Group and Arthur Ventures. www.leadpages.ne"
"  IDeA Capital Funds of Italy has held a EUR 260 million first close on a new corporate credit recovery fund. Backers include Bayside Capital, the credit affiliate of H.I.G. Capital. www.ideasgr.co"
"  José Manuel Barroso, former president of the European Commission, has been named non-executive chairman of Goldman Sachs International. He also will serve as an advisor to Goldman Sachs. www.goldmansachs.co"
"  PwC named Bob Saada as U.S. deals leader. He has been with the firm for over 20 years, most recently overseeing deals for the New York Metro and Washington, D.C. Metro markets. www.pwc.co"
" Trive Capital, a Dallas-based private equity firm, announced several promotions: Dan Lenahan to managing director, Jonathan Nunnaley to CFO and both Andrew Frank  and Nick Miner  to senior associates. www.trivecapital.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from Aspen, where Fortune Brainstorm Tech kicks off at 2pm this afternoon. You can view the full agenda here, and watch the live-stream here."
"My jobs today will be to conduct a deal-making discussion with Peggy Johnson (EVP of biz dev at Microsoft), Bill Maris (CEO of Google Ventures) and David Trujillo (partner at TPG), plus do a Dropbox session with CEO Drew Houston and COO Dennis Woodwide. If you've got questions for either one, email em on over."
"  Today's big deal is that WME/IMG has agreed to acquire UFC, the mixed martial arts powerhouse, with private equity backing from Silver Lake (already a WME investor), KKR and entities affiliated with Michael Dell. No financial terms are being disclosed, but sources put the price tag at around $4 billion. Some notes on this one"
"1. My understanding is that Silver Lake and KKR are investing the same amount of common equity for minority stakes, although Silver Lake has additional indirect exposure via its existing investment in WME. Dell's investment is preferred equity."
"2. WME has represented UFC for over 10 years, but its representation of individual fighters has only been on media and endorsement deals. In other words, it won't be on both sides of (sometimes contentious) negotiations between UFC and its fighters."
"3. ESPN had first reported on the sale process back in May, after which UFC president Dana White called the reports bogus, saying the company ""is not for sale."" At the time I reported in this space that White was either lying or misinformed (more likely the former), as UFC had already engaged bankers that had spoken with WME (among others). It is, however, worth noting what White said directly after the aforementioned statement: ""If somebody shows up with $4 billion, we can talk."""
"4. We also reported at the time that prospective buyers viewed White's continuing involvement as integral to any deal. Indeed, he will remain UFC president going forward."
"5. WME was sure to point out in its press release that UFC is ""one of the largest contributors to the Cleveland Clinic’s Professional Fighters Brain Health Study,"" and UFC has talked about how its fighters take fewer repetitive hits to the head than do boxers or football players. That said, I'd have to believe that WME is assuming some serious liability risk in this area."
"  Secondaries scoop: Luca Salvato has left Coller Capital, where he had been a partner since 2000. No words on the reason or his future plans. It's just the latest in a recent spate of senior departures from the private equity secondaries giant, all of which happened after the firm closed its seventh fund with $7.15 billion"
"  Update: We reported last year that Ryan Drant was planning to launch a new venture capital/growth equity firm, after having spent 19 years making healthcare investments for New Enterprise Associates. Now we've learned that the firm is called Questa Capital Management, and Drant's partner is Bradley Sloan, a former partner with Parthenon Capital Partners. No word yet on their fundraising effort, which was expected to raise between $250 million and $300 million"
"  Data dump: U.S. venture capital firms raised $8.8 billion for 67 funds in Q2 2016, according to a new report from Thomson Reuters and the NVCA. That's a 37% dollar dip from the blockbuster first quarter of 2016 — when more money was raised than in any other single quarter since Q2 2006 — but still a pretty heady figure. The largest Q2 21016 fund came from Andreessen Horowitz ($1.5 billion), while Liberty Mutual Strategic Ventures raised the largest first-time fund ($150m)"
"  WME/IMG, a Beverly Hills talent agency minority-owned by Silver Lake, has agreed to acquire mixed martial arts (MMA) organization UFC from Zuffa LLC. No financial terms were disclosed, but sources say that the deal is valued at around $4 billion. Silver Lake and KKR are providing new equity, alongside Michael Dell’s MSD Capital and MSD Partners. Read more"
"  CornerJob, a Barcelona-based mobile jobs marketplace, has raised $25 million in Series B funding. Northzone led the round, and was joined by e.ventures. Read more"
"  3scan, a San Francisco-based computational pathology platform company, has raised $14 million in Series B funding. Lux Capital and Data Collective co-led the round, and were joined by fellow return backer Dolby Family Ventures and new investors OS Fund, Comet Labs and Breakout Ventures. www.3scan.co"
"  Vigilant Biosciences Inc., a Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based developer of “solutions that aid clinicians in the early detection and intervention of cancer,” has raised $5 million in new Series B funding (round total is now $10.5m). Return backers include White Owl Capital Partners, venVelo, the Florida Institute for the Commercialization of Public Research. www.viligantbiosciences.co"
"  American Fast Freight Inc., a Fife, Wash.-based domestic ocean freight forwarder owned by The Jordan Co., has acquired Global Transportation Services Inc., a Kent, Wash.-based freight forwarding and third-party logistics company. Sellers include Comvest Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.americanfast.co"
"  Apax Partners has agreed to acquire the operating subsidiaries of Spanish generic pharma company Invent Farma SL, from an investor consortium that includes Silfurberg, Enterprise Investment Fund and Horn II. No financial terms were disclosed. Apax also has acquired German generics pharma company Neuraxpharm Arzneimittel GmbH, which focuses on CNS disorders, for an undisclosed amount from ATAX GmbH and Neuraxpharm Holding. www.apax.co"
"  Apollo Global Management has made an unsolicited takeover bid for listed Danish telecom operator TDC, according to a local media report. TDC subsequently confirmed an approach, without identifying the suitor. The company is currently valued at around $4.3 billion. Read more"
"  BC Partners has rebuffed takeover offers for portfolio company Mergermarket Group, a UK-based provider of financial news and data, according to Bloomberg. The report says the approaches from firms like The Carlyle Group and Hellman & Friedman came in too low. Read more"
"  cSuite, a mobile productivity application, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Caretta Partners. www.csuiteapp.co"
"  Equistone and Triton Private Equity are prepping final round bids for United Initiators, a German maker of peroxide-based initiators that is currently owned by Vision Capital, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at between EUR 340 million and EUR 380 million, with an Asian chemicals company also reported to be a suitor. Read more"
"  Freeman Spogli & Co. has acquired Batteries Plus LLC, a Hartland, Wis.-based retailer of batteries and light bulbs with 678 stores (mostly franchised), from Roark Capital Group. No financial terms were disclosed, except that the deal included $280 million in financing from Golub Capital. www.batteriesplus.co"
  Onex Corp. and Baring Private Equity Asia have agreed to acquire the IP Property and Science business of Thomson Reuters (NYSE: TRI) for $3.55 billion. Read more
"  Riverstone Holdings has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Centennial Resource Development LLC, a Denver-based oil and gas exploration and production company, from NGP Energy Capital Management for upwards of $175 million. Read more"
"  Snow Phipps Group has acquired Winchester Electronics Corp., a Middlebury, Conn.-based provider of interconnect tech solutions, from Audax Private Equity. No financial terms were disclosed. www.winchesterelectronics.co"
"  Topix Pharmaceuticals Inc., an Amityville, N.Y.-based provider of therapeutic and cosmetic skin care products, has secured an undisclosed amount of private equity funding commitments from New Mountain Capital. www.topixpharm.co"
" Audentes Therapeutics Inc., a San Francisco-based developer of gene therapy products for patients with serious and rare diseases, has set its IPO terms to 5 million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $315 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The pre-revenue company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol BOLD, with BofA Merrill Lynch, Cowen & Co. and Piper Jaffray serving as lead underwriters. Audentes has raised around $108 million in VC funding from firms like OrbiMed Advisors (29.9% pre-IPO stake), 5AM Ventures (14.6%), Versant Ventures (11.1%), Sofinnova Venture Partners (7.8%) and Deerfield Management (6.3%). www.audentestx.co"
"  CBS Radio Inc., the radio unit of CBS Corp. (NYSE: CBS), has filed for a $100 million IPO. No exchange nor underwriter information was disclosed. The company reports $33.4 million in net income on $264 million in revenue for Q1 2016. Read more"
"  First Hawaiian Inc., a Honolulu-based bank with $16.1 billion in deposits, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdsaq under ticker symbol FHB, with Goldman Sachs listed as left lead underwriter. www.fhb.co"
"  Forterra Inc., an Irving, Texas-based manufacturer of pipe and precast products, has filed for a $100 million IPO. Goldman Sachs, Citigroup and Credit Suisse are serving as co-lead underwriters. It reports a $13.4 million net loss (pro forma) for Q1 2016 on $362 million in revenue. www.forterrabp.co"
"  Impinj Inc., a Seattle-based provider of UHF RFID solutions, has set its IPO terms to 4.6 million shares being offered at between $12 and $14 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $229 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol PI, with RBC Capital Markets, Pacific Crest Securities and Piper Jaffray serving as lead underwriters. Impinj reports a $2.33 million net loss on around $21.6 million in revenue for Q1 2016. The company has raised $138 million in VC funding since its 2000 inception, from firms like Arch Venture Partners (10.7% pre-IPO stake), Polaris Partners (9.9%), Madrona Venture Group (9.4%), Mobius Venture Capital (9.2%), Intel Capital (8.1%), GF Private Equity (7%) and AllianceBernstein (5.8%). The company previously attempted to go public in 2012. www.impinj.co"
" Svoboda Capital Partners has sold Cape Electrical Supply LLC, a Cape Girardeau, Mo.-based distributor serving electrical contractors and large engineering construction firms, to Graybar Electric Co. No financial terms were disclosed. www.graybar.co"
"  Terra Firma Capital Partners has picked state-owned China Huadian Corp. as the preferred bidder for the UK wind farms business of Infinis Energy PLC, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be valued at around $500 million, although Huadian may bail if it determines the Brexit vote impact is too great. Read more"
"  Vestar Capital Partners has sold its majority stake in The StayWell Co., a Yardley, Penn.-based health engagement company for large corporate clients, to a subsidiary of Merck & Co. (NYSE: MRK) for an undisclosed amount. Vestar will retain a minority equity stake. www.staywell.co"
"  Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction of South Korea has acquired 1Energy Systems, a Seattle-based provider of software for integrating distributed energy resources into the electric power system. No financial terms were disclosed. www.1energysystems.co"
 LafargeHolcim (Swiss: LHN) has agreed to sell its Indian concrete business to local conglomerate Nirma at a $1.4 billion enterprise value. Read more
"  Nichi-Iko Pharmaceutical Co. (Tokyo: 4541) has agreed to acquire Sagent Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Nasdaq: SGNT), a Schaumburg, Ill.-based provider of drugs to the hospital market, for approximately $750 million. www.sagentpharma.co"
  Southern Co. (NYSE: SO) has acquired a 50% stake in the Southern Natural Gas pipeline system from Kinder Morgan (NYSE: KMI) for around $1.5 billion. Read more
"  Farallon Capital Management has closed a new special situations fund focused on Asia and Latin America, with $1.12 billion in capital commitments. www.fallaroncapital.co"
"  PWP Growth Equity, the private equity unit of Perella Weinberg Partners, is pre-marketing its second fund with a $600 million target, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
  RLJ Capital Markets has been launched as a new investment bank by The RLJ Companies and Roth Capital Partners. www.rljcapitalmarkets.co
"  Sienna Ventures, a Sausalito, Calif.-based early-stage tech VC firm, has closed its fourth fund with $100 million in capital commitments. www.siennaventures.co"
  Kenneth May has joined private equity firm ClearPoint Investment Partners as an operating director. He previously was chairman and CEO of Group RCI (now Wyndham Vacation Exchange & Rentals). www.clearpointinvest.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from Aspen, where Fortune Brainstorm Tech heads into its second day. A few very quick notes before I run over to moderate a venture capital breakfast with Jeff Fagnan (Accomplices), Roger Lee (Battery Ventures), Ann Miura-Ko (Floodgate), Megan Quinn (Spark Capital) and Scott Sandell (NEA). Per usual, send me any and all questions via email (and soon)..."
" WeWork To Own: There have long been rumors that WeWork co-founder and CEO Adam Neumann has personal stakes in some of his company's New York buildings, so yesterday I asked him about it. Neumann responded that he has sold off most of those positions to other building owners (his positions were always small), and currently has just two remaining. If he is unable to divest them before WeWork chooses to go public, Neumann says the arrangements would all be disclosed in SEC filings"
"  Fight time: Yesterday we discussed the private equity-backed deal to buy mixed martial arts league UFC, for around $4 billion. Two things I neglected to mention, in terms of why the buyers were so interested: (1) It is the only U.S. pro sports league in which men's and women's events are on equal footing in terms of both timing and promotion. (2) UFC fights only go 25 minutes max (15 if it's not a title fight), and most are far shorter. Moreover, these are broken up into mobile-digestible 5-minute rounds. When catering to millennials, consider this the anti-baseball"
"  That's So Mavens: I asked TPG's David Trujillo on stage about his firm's continuing interest in buying Yahoo, which of course he didn't answer. That said, my understanding is that the final three suitors (TPG, Dan Gilbert and Verizon) are in the midst of preparing for a final round of bidding"
" Comeback: Yesterday on stage I asked Dropbox CEO Drew Houston about a comment from rival Aaron Levie (of Box), who once said:  ""Any time you ever want to see what Dropbox will do next, look for what we did 3-5 years ago."
"So what, I asked, has Dropbox done before Box?"
"""How about generating cash?"" asked Houston, whose company reports being cash-flow positive in Q1 2016."
" Transport talk: Lyft president John Zimmer confirmed on stage that his ride-hailing company is losing $50 million per month, but said he prefers to view it as ""investing"" $50 million per month. He also suggested that his company would consider expanding internationally (despite its global partnership with Didi, etc.) and declined to comment on reports that Lyft has hired investment bank Qatalyst to possibly find a buyer"
"Speaking of no comments on Lyft, I asked General Motors president Dan Ammann if the automaker had a right of first refusal on a Lyft sale, given its $500 million investment last year. Suffice to say, he didn't answer."
" Today from Aspen: In addition to the VC breakfast, my roles today are to interview Dave Brandon, CEO of Toys R Us and former CEO of Domino's, and then moderate a session on the intersection of sports and technology with Kevin Tsujihara (CEO of Warner Brothers), Maverick Carter (CEO of SpringHill) and Draymond Green (yes, we'll talk about it)"
"We've also got other great mainstage interviews, with such folks as Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, Magic Leap's Rony Abovitz and Brian Wallace, Girls Who Code CEO Reshma Saujani, Box CEO Aaron Levie with GE vice chair Beth Comstock, Amazon Alexa head David Limp, Airbnb's Brian Chesky and Belinda Johnson and uber-investor Yuri Milner. Catch the livestream by going here."
"  AMC Entertainment (NYSE: AMC) has agreed to acquire UK-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group. The deal is valued at £921 million, and makes AMC the world’s largest movie theater operator. Read more"
"  Codeacademy, a New York-based skills education company, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. Naspers Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Union Square Ventures, Flybridge Capital Partners, Index Ventures and Richard Branson. www.codeacademy.co"
"  Freshly, a New York-based healthy meal delivery service, has raised $21 million in Series A funding. Insight Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Highland Capital Partners and White Star Capital. Read more"
"  Data.world, an Austin, Texas-based data collaboration startup, has raised $14 million in Series A funding. Shasta Ventures led the round, and was joined by Capital Factory, Chicago Ventures, Floodgate, FYRFLY Venture Partners, Homebrew, Lead Edge Capital, LiveOak Venture Partners and Rothenberg Ventures. www.data.world.co"
"  Avizia, a Reston, Va.-based telehealth provider, has raised $11 million in Series A funding. Blue Heron Capital led the round, and was joined by Lavrock Ventures, NextGen Venture Partners, Middleland Capital, Waterline Capital and Blu Ventures. www.avizia.co"
"  Paktor, a Singapore-based dating app, has raised $10 million in new VC funding. YJ Capital led the round, and was joined by Global Grand Leisure, Golden Equator Capital, Sebrina Holdings and return backers Vertex Ventures, MNC Media Group, Majuven and Convergence Ventures. Read more"
"  Universal Avenue, a Stockholm-based local salesforce on-demand startup, has raised $10 million in new Series A funding (bringing the round total to $15m). Eight Roads led the round, and was joined by return backers Northzone and MOOR. Read more"
"  Oversight Systems, an Atlanta-based provider of operational expense analysis solutions, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Luminate Capital Partners. www.oversightsystems.co"
"  AE Industrial Partners has acquired Moeller Manufacturing Company, a Wixom, Mich.-based precision machining company focused on hot- and cold-section turbine hardware. www.moeller-aerospace.co"
"  ESO Solutions Inc., an Austin, Texas-based provider of software to emergency medical services, fire departments and healthcare professionals, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Accel-KKR. No financial terms were disclosed. www.esosolutions.co"
"  Protagonist Therapeutics Inc., a Milpitas, Calif.-based, has filed for a $75 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol PTGX, with Leerink Partners listed as left lead underwriter. The pre-revenue company has raised around $67 million in VC funding from firms like Canaan Partners (20.9% pre-IPO stake), Johnson & Johnson Development Corp. (20.8%), Lilly Ventures (16.9%), Adage Capital Partners (9.3%), Pharmstandard International (8.5%), Starfish Ventures (7.8%), RA Capital (7.7%) and Foresite Capital. www.protagonist-inc.co"
" Astorg Partners has agreed to sell Metalor Technologies International SA, a Swiss precious metals refiner, to Japan’s Tanaka Holdings. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
  The Blackstone Group is in talks to sell a group of Chinese commercial real estate properties to China Vanke for $1.9 billion. Read more
" The Deutsche Börse has lowered the percentage of outstanding shares that must be tendered in order for its acquisition of the London Stock Exchange to proceed, from 765% to just 60%. Read more"
"  Imperva (NYSE: IMPV), a Redwood Shores, Calif.-based online security company currently valued at around $1.55 billion, has hired Qatalyst Partners to explore strategic options, according to Bloomberg. The move comes following pressure from activist investor Elliott Management. Read more"
  ThyssenKrupp AG of Germany confirmed that it has engaged in merger talks with India’s Tata Steel. Read more
"  Xerox (NYSE: XRX) is in talks to acquire R.R. Donnelley & Sons (Nasdaq: RRD), which has a current market cap of around $3.9 billion, according to Bloomberg. The discussions come amid Xerox’s plans to split into two companies, while R.R. Donnelley has announced plans to split into three companies. Read more"
"  Longwood Fund, a Boston-based life sciences VC firm, is raising up to $90 million for its fourth fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.longwoodfund.co"
"  Marc Adelson has joined Monroe Capital as a managing director of originations. He previously was chief credit officer for Medallion Financial, where he also was president of its asset-based lending business. www.monroecap.co"
"  Larry DeAngelo and Paul Simpson have joined Houlihan Lokey as managing directors in charge of the firm’s business services group. DeAngelo (Atlanta) previously was a managing director with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, while Simpson (Atlanta) was a managing director with Rothschild. www.hl.co"
"  Alok Gaur has joined LaSalle Investment Management as co-head of the firm’s client capital group. He previously was a managing director with The Carlyle Group, focused on capital fundraising for real estate. www.lasalle.co"
"  Christopher Machera has joined Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP as a New York-based partner in the law firm’s private equity practice. He worked at the firm between 2005 and 2011, and most recently was with Greenberg Traurig. www.weil.co"
  Alison Miller has joined Wynnchurch Capital as a director. She previously was director of business development with Garden City Group and Donlin Recano & Company. www.wynnchurch.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The ripple effects of Amazon’s $13.7 billion Whole Foods deal are only starting to show. Nobody knows exactly what Amazon is going to do with Whole Foods, and that uncertainty is freaking everyone out."
"The deal has been a convenient scapegoat for Blue Apron’s disappointing IPO. “Amazon’s Whole Foods deal pretty much sunk Blue Apron’s IPO,” screamed one headline. “Jeff Bezos has officially spoiled Blue Apron’s IPO,” declared another."
"Now, grocery chain Albertsons has put its plans to go public on hold, Bloomberg reports. Of course, the culprit is Amazon-Whole Foods. Cerberus Capital Management acquired Albertsons in 2006 and planned to take it public in 2015. Those plans stalled after a disappointing profit forecast from Wal-Mart spooked the markets. Albertsons renewed its IPO plans earlier this year. Meanwhile Albertsons attempted to buy Whole Foods but was “spurned.” Now the IPO plans are on ice again:"
"To convince potential investors of its growth prospects in its 2015 IPO roadshow, Albertsons pitched plans to expand its natural and organic foods offerings. Now, the looming Amazon-Whole Foods tie-up squelches confidence in those hopes."
BEZOS!!!!
"But I’m not sure I understand the kneejerk dread over the certain, unstoppable path of destruction expected by Amazon-Whole Foods. Is all the gloom because Whole Foods struggled as a public company, therefore all public grocery stories are doomed? Or are we bearish because Amazon is now armed with a chain of physical grocery stores, and therefore all competitors are automatically and without a doubt doomed? And also: Is every story about the grocery industry required to include apocalyptic quotes from experts like, “They don’t have a shot. Traditional grocery is fading fast.”"
"Whatever effect Amazon-Whole Foods has on the grocery industry, it won’t happen overnight. Even combined, Amazon and Whole Foods are barely a blip on the overall food market in the U.S. As Jefferies points out in its analyst note on the deal: Whole Foods owns just 1.7% of the U.S. grocery market. Amazon owns 0.8%. By comparison, Wal-Mart has around 18% and Kroger is just under 10%. Albertson’s, in third place, is around 6%."
"I imagine Amazon has big plans to change its market share. But we have no idea what they look like, or how quickly Amazon, which has been a laggard in food for a decade now, will move. But in the meantime, just to be safe, everybody better panic."
"CRASHING BACK TO EARTH: DataGravity, a data security startup which raised $92 million in venture funding from Andreessen Horowitz, Accel Partners, CRV and General Catalyst, sold to HyTrust, a computer security company based in Mountain View."
"Yesterday’s Term Sheet included this news, but it’s worth elaborating on because the price is well below DataGravity’s onetime valuation, Fortune’s Barb Darrow reports. Just 20 of the company’s employees (which once numbered 150) will join HyTrust. Founder Paula Long, a respected technologist who sold her last company to Dell for more than $1 billion, left DataGravity in recent weeks. Read more."
"DEBATE: Last week CB Insights asked its readers to vote on a Twitter debate I got myself sucked into. And… I guess I won?  The question was, “Should VCs only support startups and the industry, at least publicly?”"
"The background: Phin Barnes of First Round Capital criticized Goodwater Capital, a fellow VC firm, for publishing a detailed analyst report about Blue Apron. (First Round is a Blue Apron investor.) I asked Barnes whether he thinks every VC firm is required to support every startup, and he said, generally, yes: “Those in the industry should support the industry.” I disagreed. Here are the final results:"
I expected it to be a lot closer. I understand how close-knit and intertwined the startup “ecosystem” needs to be in order to work. And I’ve been called a “hater” by plenty of thin-skinned founders. (Shout-out to the one that called me a “batsh*t crazy b*tch” for writing the truth about his acqui-hire deal! 😘)
"But in the era of “open secrets” being exposed amid real questions about Silicon Valley’s culture and ethics, I think people are suddenly wary of suppressing criticism of any sort. The era of blind cheerleading may be over."
 BlackRock’s top economist thinks Bitcoin and Ethereum look like a bubble
 What to know about Nevada’s marijuana shortage
 Uber tells its shareholders that gross bookings increased 10% in Q1
 The gig economy may be coming to a nurse near you
 Google reportedly paid professors for favorable policy papers
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Sun Valley time! The secretive government teams rolling back regulations, led by hires with deep industry ties. New Twitter CFO. Startups help landlords turn their buildings into hotels. Shoppers can buy bad debt on Taobao. Paul Singer could finally get Warren Buffett to punch back."
" WeWork, a New York-based co-working startup, raised $760 million in Series G funding at a $20 billion valuation, according to Forbes. The investors were not named. Read more"
" Revolut, a U.K.-based fintech startup, raised $66 million in funding, according to Reuters. Index Ventures led the round. Read more"
" CompareAsiaGroup, a Hong Kong-based financial comparison website, raised $50 million in funding, according to Reuters. Investors include The International Finance Corp, Alibaba Entrepreneurs Fund, and SBI Group. Read more"
" Move Guides, a U.K.-based talent mobility cloud platform, raised $48 million in Series C funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Future Fund, New Enterprise Associates, and Notion Capital. Read more"
" Transfix, a New York-based transportation startup, raised $42 million in Series C funding. New Enterprise Associates led the round"
" ZeroFox, a Baltimore, Md.-based social cybersecurity intelligence startup, raised $40 million in Series C funding, according to TechCrunch. Redline Capital Management and Silver Lake Waterman led the round. Existing investors NEA, Highland Capital Partners and Core Capital participated. Read more"
" Brandless, a San Francisco-based consumer goods startup, raised $35 million in Series B funding. New Enterprise Associates led the round, and was joined by GV, Redpoint Ventures, Cowboy Ventures and Slow Ventures"
" Deep Instinct, an Israel-based cybersecurity startup, raised $32 million in Series B funding. CNTP led the round, and was joined by investors including NVIDIA and Coatue Management"
" Flashpoint, a New York-based Business Risk Intelligence company, raised $28 million in Series C funding. Georgian Partners led the round"
" Gong.io, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based SaaS company ￼￼for sales teams, raised ￼$20 million in Series A1 funding. Norwest Venture Partners and Shlomo Kramer led the round, and were joined by Wing Venture Capital and ￼NextWorld Capital"
" Clear Ballot, a Boston, Mass.-based election software company, raised over $18 million in funding. Investors include Bessemer Venture Partners, Ventureforgood, and DN Capital"
" Voices.com, a Canada-based global voice over online marketplace, raised $18 million in funding from Morgan Stanley Expansion Capital"
" Spotinst, an Israel-based cluster software and prediction algorithm provider, raised $15 million in funding. Investors include Intel Capital and Vertex Ventures"
" Care/of, a New York City-based personalized vitamin and supplement company, raised $12 million in Series A funding. Goodwater Capital led the round, and was joined by investors including Tusk Ventures, RRE Ventures, and Juxtapose"
" Hutch Interiors, Inc, a Los Angeles-based interior design tech startup, raised $10 million in Series A funding. Zillow Group led the round"
" Sonoma Creamery LLC, a Sonoma, Calif.-based maker of cheeses and cheese snacks, raised $10 million in funding from Svoboda Capital Partners."
" Curve, a London-based fintech startup, is on the verge of raising $10 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Connect Ventures is leading the round, and will be joined by Santander Ventures. Read more"
" Nok Nok Labs, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based online security and authentication company, raised $8 million in Series D funding. Motorola Solutions Venture Capital led the round. Existing investors including DCM Ventures, DDS, Inc., DOCOMO Innovations, Korea Information Certificate Authority, Lenovo Group, and ONSET Ventures participated"
" Aptrinsic, a San Mateo, Calif.-based developer of enterprise software as a service for product managers, raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Storm Ventures and Opus Capital co-led the round"
" Qloo, a New York-based cultural artificial intelligence data science platform, raised $6.5 million in funding. Investors include AXA Strategic Ventures and Sir Elton John"
" CAILabs, a France-based provider of photonics solutions, raised 5 million euros ($5.7 million) in funding. Investors include Safran Corporate Ventures"
" RiskLens, a Spokane, Wash.-based provider of cyber risk quantification solutions, raised $5 million in Series A funding. Osage Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Paladin Capital Group, Dell Technologies Capital and Kick-Start"
" Astronomer, a Cincinnati-based collaborative data platform developer, raised $3.5 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Wireframe Ventures led the round, and was joined by Frontline Ventures, Grand Ventures, Drummond Road, Core Network, M25 Group, and Silicon Valley Bank. Read more"
" Datatron, a San Francisco-based data management startup, raised $2.7 million in seed funding. Investors include Start X, Credence Partners, Authentic Ventures, Enspire Partners, Plug and Play and 500 Startups. Read more"
" Revere, a New York City-based health startup delivering natural, personally tailored fitness nutrition, raised $2 million in seed funding. Lerer Hippeau Ventures led the round, and was joined by SterlingVC and Brand Foundry Ventures. [This item has been updated to include the correct link and company description."
" Sendence, a New York City-based platform for building and running real-time applications, raised $1.5 million in seed funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Boldstart Ventures, Greycroft, Contour Venture Partners, Notation Capital, and Resolute Ventures. Read more"
" RecordGram, a Miami-based music collaboration app developer, raised $1 million in seed funding. Investors include New World Angels"
" E-Scape Bio, a San Francisco-based biopharmaceutical company developing therapies to treat neurodegenerative diseases, raised an extension of its Series A funding bringing the total amount raised in the round to $63 million. OrbiMed led the round, and was joined by Novo Holding A/S, Johnson & Johnson Innovation, Novartis Venture Fund, Osage University Partners, Lilly Asia Ventures and Sutter Hill Ventures"
" Evelo Biosciences, a Cambridge, Mass.-based biotech company, raised $50 million in Series B funding. Investors include Flagship Pioneering, GV, Celgene, Mayo Clinic, and Alexandria Venture Investments"
"L Catterton made a “significant” minority investment in Equinox, a New York-based fitness club operator. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Rent-A-Center Inc (Nasdaq:RCII) rejected Vintage Capital’s $15 a share takeover bid, according to The New York Post. The company called the $800 million offer “inadequate and opportunistic.” Read more"
" Centana Growth Partners invested $24 million in Quantitative Brokers, a New York-based financial technology company"
" The Riverside Company made an investment of an undisclosed amount in LILLEbaby, a Boulder, Colo.-based provider of baby carriers"
" Marlin Equity Partners acquired Zetta Inc, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based provider of cloud-based backup and disaster recovery solutions and merged it with portfolio company Arcserve, an Eden Prairie, Minn.-based provider of data protection and recovery software. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
 Seventure Partners is backing two European digital health startups: Machtfit and Push Doctor. The firm participated in Push Doctor’s recent Series B funding round that raised 23.05 million euros ($26 million) and Machtfit’s Series A round that raised 2.2 million euros ($2.5 million)
" Consolidated Machine & Tool Holdings, which is backed by White Wolf Capital LLC, acquired Astro-Tek Industries Inc, an Anaheim, Calif.-based maker of specialized equipment for aerospace and defense companies. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Mercer Advisors acquired Wealth Design Services, a Rochester, N.Y.-based financial planning, investment management, and tax planning company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
"Leeds Equity Partners made an investment of an undisclosed amount in Dalton Education, a Suwanee, Ga.-based financial services education provider, and  •  Money Education, a New Orleans, La.-based publisher of financial planning digital textbooks"
" Ant Financial, the affiliate of China’s Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) that agreed to buy MoneyGram International Inc (Nasdaq:MGI) for $1.2 billion, has resubmitted the deal for U.S. review, according to Reuters. Read more"
 Symantec Corp (Nasdaq:SYMC) is considering selling its website certification business in a deal that could fetch more than $1 billion. Read more at Fortune
" True Value Co, a Chicago-based hardware wholesaler, is considering a sale that could value the company at about $800 million, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
"CJ Cheiljedang Corporation plans to sell its stake in Samsung Life Insurance Co Ltd (KOSE:A032830) in a deal worth up to $310 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Britain's Equiniti Group Plc will buy Wells Fargo & Co's share registration business for $227 million as it looks to enter the United States, the largest and most active share registration market. Read more"
"UBS Financial Services invested in iCapital Network, a New York-based financial technology platform. BlackRock is a strategic partner. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Toosum Healthy Foods acquired KUTOA, an Austin, Texas-based health snack bar maker. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" AudienceView acquired TheaterMania, a New York-based SaaS provider of ticketing and related digital media offerings for the entertainment industry. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
"Landis+Gyr, Toshiba’s smart meters unit, hopes to raise up to about $2.5 billion, 2.4 billion Swiss francs, in an IPO, Reuters reported. Landis+Gyr is is seeking to price shares between 70 francs to 82 francs a share, or about $73 to $85. The shares are set to be sold on the Swiss Exchange starting July 21."
"Razer, a U.S.-based gaming firm, is seeking an IPO that would value it between $3 billion to $5 billion, Bloomberg reported citing those with knowledge of the matter. The company revealed loss of $59.6 million on revenue of $392.1 million in 2016. The company’s overwriters are Credit Suisse and UBS. Voyager Equity, Lim Teck Lee Land Pte, Primrose Ventures, Archview Capital, and Sandalwood Associates back the company. It is seeking an IPO in Hong Kong."
"Votorantim Metais Holding, a Sao Paulo-based company that produces base metals, is reportedly seeking an IPO on the Toronto Stock Exchange, Reuters reported citing people with knowledge of the matter. The company is seeking a valuation of roughly $4 billion."
"PetIQ, an Eagle, Idaho-based pet medication maker, set a range for its $85 million IPO Tuesday. The company, which booked losses of $3.4 million on revenue of $200.2 million on 2016, plans to offer 5.7 million shares between $14 to $16 a piece. PetIQ is backed by Eos Funds, Labore et Honore, Porchlight Entities, True Science Founders, and NBTS Holdings. The company plans to list on the Nasdaq as “PETQ.” Exact terms of the IPO, being led by Jefferies and William Blair, have yet to be disclosed."
"Albertsons, a grocery-chain based out of Boise, Idaho, has reportedly put its IPO talks on ice again, Bloomberg reported citing those with knowledge of the matter. Amazon reportedly eyed Albertson’s before ultimately snapping up Whole Foods for $13.7 billion earlier this year. Albertsons is owned by a consortium of investors including Cerberus Capital Management."
" ABM Industries said it would buy GCA Services Group, a Cleveland, Ohio-based janitorial services provider, for about $1.25 billion in cash and stock, according to Reuters. GCA Services is owned by Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Thomas H Lee Partners LP. Read more"
" Bayview Asset Management has agreed to buy Pingora, a Denver, Colo.-based specialized asset manager focused on mortgage servicing rights and servicing residential mortgage loans. The seller was Annaly Capital Management. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Alphabet has officially announced the formation of Gradient Ventures, a new firm within Google that will invest in early-stage artificial intelligence startups. Gradient will invest in 10 to 15 deals this year and will typically commit $1 million to $8 million in each, according to CNBC"
" Autotech Ventures, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based venture capital firm, raised $120 million for its inaugural fund"
" Toyota Research Institute, Toyota’s Los Altos, Calif.-based research organization, raised $100 million for its new corporate venture capital subsidiary, Toyota AI Ventures, to back early-stage startup companies in artificial intelligence, robotics, autonomous mobility, and data and cloud computing. Read more at Fortune"
" Growth Capital Partners, a U.K.-based private equity firm, raised 205 million pounds ($264 million) for its fourth fund, Growth Capital Partners Fund IV"
" FlyBridge Capital Partners raised $3 million for XFactor Ventures, a new venture fund that will invest $100,000 into 30 companies raising pre-seed or seed stage rounds. The companies must have at least one female founder"
" Michael Ronen will join Softbank’s Vision Fund as a partner. Previously, Ronen was the co-chief operating officer of Goldman's global technology, media and telecom group"
" Bessemer Venture Partners promoted Andrew Hedin to vice president. Prior to joining Bessemer, Hedin was at F-Prime Capital"
" Eaton Partners named Bill McLeod as a managing director. Previously, McLeod worked in Stifel’s equities group as a senior managing director"
" Jeff Fraser joined Leonis Partners as a vice president. Previously, Fraser was the founder and managing director of Sebonac Advisors"
" Inbar Haham joined Capital A Partners as a partner. Previously, Haham was at Magma Venture Partners"
View this email in your browser.
"Polina Marinova produces Term Sheet, and Lucinda Shen compiles the IPO news. Send deal announcements to Polina here and IPO news to Lucinda here."
"So far this year in the U.S. there have been over 500 children unintentionally injured or killed by a firearm. Last year, over 200 American adults were unintentionally shot by a child using a gun, with more than 80 fatalities. There also will be more than 10,000 suicides by firearm, often by teens or young adults who use a gun owned by their parents."
"These are the sorts of tragedies that I know upset a lot of venture capitalists. Not only because VCs are human, but also because I see many of the social media posts whenever one of these horrors gets widespread public attention. Very often those posts include some sort of plea for gun control ― sometimes mild reform, sometimes outright repeal of the 2nd Amendment."
"But here’s what I concluded yesterday, after our session on smart-gun technology during Fortune Brainstorm Tech: VCs are unintentionally complicit in this epidemic."
"There currently are many entrepreneurs working on smart-gun technologies that could take a giant chunk out of teen suicide and unintentional firearm deaths. Some are working in fingerprint technologies, which would primarily be used by target shooters and the like. Some are working on RFID technologies, which would prevent a gun from being fired by anyone not carrying the proper token (such as in a watch or a bracelet or even inserted surgically just under the skin). Some are working on smart-grip technology, which can recognize the “proper” user."
"The trouble, however, is that almost no venture capitalists have interest in funding these entrepreneurs. “It’s about investment,” said Margot Hirsch, president of The Smart Tech Challenges Foundation. “It’s very hard to create a real technology company on just grant funding.”"
"To be sure, the preferred VC metric of TAM (total available market) is not an issue here. There are going to be around 15 million firearms sold in the U.S. this year, and surveys have shown that many buyers would purchase a smart-gun, were it to be both available and reliable (to date, no smart gun has ever been commercially available in the U.S.). But smart gun entrepreneurs get a nearly-universal cold shoulder from VCs, some of whom cite regulatory risks that don’t seem to bother them when investing in Uber or Airbnb or a pharmaceutical company."
"Legacy firearm manufacturers are not going to do the R&D here. Namely because they view the politics as too tricky, with many of their most loyal customers viewing smart guns as backdoor gun control (which it needn’t be). As always, real technological disruption will come from somewhere else, financed largely by venture capitalists."
Or it won’t. And more kids will die.
"  Dalian Wanda Group Co. is in talks to acquire a 49% stake in Paramount Pictures from Viacom Inc. (Nasdaq: VIAB), according to the WSJ. Such a deal could value Paramount at between $8 billion and $10 billion. Read more"
"  Unity Technologies, a San Francisco-based software platform for mobile game developers, has raised $181 million in Series C funding at around a $1.5 billion post-money valuation. DFJ Growth led the round, and was joined China Investment Corp., FreeS Fund, Thrive Capital, Max Levchin and return backers Sequoia Capital and WestSummit Capital. Among the games using Unity are Pokemon Go. Read more"
"  Bay Dynamics, a San Francisco-based provider of cyber risk analytics, has raised $23 million in Series B funding. Carrick Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Comcast Ventures. www.baydynamics.co"
"  Docent Health, a Boston-based healthcare experience platform, has raised $15 million in Series A funding from Bessemer Venture Partners, NEA and Maverick Ventures. www.docenthealth.co"
"  Caremerge, a Chicago-based post-acute care coordination platform, has raised $14 million in new VC funding. Insight Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Grażyna Kulczyk, Cambia Health Solutions, Ziegler LinkAge Longevity Fund, GE Ventures, and Arsenal Venture Partners. www.caremerge.co"
"  Magnolia Medical Technologies, a Seattle-based developer of a blood collection system and in vitro diagnostic testing solutions, has raised $13.8 million in Series B funding led by HealthQuest Capital. www.magnolia-medical.co"
"  Indegy, an Israeli provider of industrial cybersecurity solutions, has raised $12 million in Series A funding. Vertex Ventures led the round, and was joined by Aspect Ventures, SBI Holdings and return backers Schlomo Kramer and Magma Venture Partners. www.indegy.co"
"  Appthority, a San Francisco-based provider of enterprise mobile threat protection solutions, has raised $7 million in Series B funding. Trident Capital Cybersecurity led the round, and was joined by US Venture Partners, Venrock, Blue Coat Systems and Knollwood Investment Authority. www.appthority.co"
"  Augmenix Inc., a Waltham, Mass.-based developer of invasive hydrogel products to improve outcomes following cancer radiotherapy, has raised $6 million in Series E funding. Existing backers include Excelestar Ventures, Catalyst Health Ventures and Sparta Group. www.Augmenix.co"
"  Snupps, a London-based visual organizer and social network, has raised $4.75 million in new VC funding from individual angels and family trusts"
"  FiveAI, a London-based artificial intelligence startup, has raised $2.7 million in new VC funding. Amadeus Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by Spring Partners and Notion Capital. www.five.a"
"  Ardian has acquired a majority stake in Ionisos, a French-based provider of cold sterilization services, from Agilitas. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ardian.co"
"  Premise Health, a Brentwood, Tenn.-based worksite engagement company owned by Water Street Healthcare Partners, has acquired TransformHealthRx Inc., a company focused on onsite and multi-employer health and wellness centers. No financial terms were disclosed. www.premisehealth.co"
"  Thoma Bravo has agreed to acquire Imprivata (NYSE: IMPR), a Lexington, Mass.-based healthcare IT security company, for approximately $544 million. The $19.25 per share deal represents a 33% premium to Imprivata’s closing stock price on Tuesday. www.imprivata.co"
"  Titan Spine, a Mequon, Wis.-based developer of surface-enhanced spinal interbody fusion implants, has raised “a substantial round of financing” from Southlake Equity Group. No financial terms were disclosed. www.titanspine.co"
" Permira, Thoma Bravo and Vista Equity Partners are among the private equity firms conducting preliminary due diligence on McAfee, the computer security business being sold off by Intel Corp. (Nasdaq: INTC), according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Line, the Japan-based operator of a messaging app that is popular in Asia, begins trading today in both New York and Tokyo, following its $1.1 billion IPO. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group is in talks to sell a stake in Brazilian lingerie maker Scalina SA via a debt restructuring, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Waterland Private Equity is in talks to sell Dutch waste management group Attero for around €1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
  Hasbro (NYSE: HAS) has agreed to acquire Irish animation studio called Boulder Media for an undisclosed amount. Read more
"  Koninklijke Ahold NV and Delhaize Group have agreed to sell 86 U.S. supermarkets, in order to win FTC approval for their merger. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which will include the sale of 38 Food Lion stores to Weis Markets (NYSE:WMK), 22 Food Lion stores to Supervalu (NYSE: SVU) and smaller divestitures to Albertsons, Big Y Foods and Publix Super Markets. Read more"
"  Monsanto (NYSE: MON) is considering an offer for BASF’s agriculture-solutions unit, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
"  Tencent (HK: 700) has agreed to acquire a control stake in music streaming company China Music Corp. at an enterprise value of around $2.7 billion, according to the WSJ. Read more"
"  Minella Capital Management has agreed to acquire a majority stake in W.E. Donoghue & Co., a Norwood, Mass.-based investment advisor with $1.6 billion in client assets under management. No financial terms were disclosed. www.donoghue.co"
"  Charlie Denison has stepped down as a principal with Adams Street Partners, where he has worked for the past seven years. No word yet on his future plans. www.adamsstreetpartners.co"
  Deutsche Bank has named promoted Charlie Dupree to head of M&A investment banking in the Americas. Read more
"  Stephen Fromm, former vice chairman of Deutsche Bank’s financial institutions group, has joined Star Mountain Capital as a senior advisor. www.starmountaincapital.co"
"  Faiza Sayeed is expected to be named presiding partner of Cravath Swaine & Moore, the first woman to hold the role, according to the NY Times. She currently helps lead the law firm’s M&A practice. Read more"
"  Natalie Tydeman has stepped down as a senior partner GMT Communications Partners, a European private equity firm that also is bailing on a new fundraise in favor of a deal-by-deal model, according to Dow Jones. The story also reports that senior advisor Massimo Prelz and principal Francois Stoessel also left GMT. No word yet on future plans for any of them. Read more"
 Howard Weiss has joined Stella Point Capital as chief financial officer. He previously was senior VP and CFO of Castle Harlan. www.stellapoint.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from the home office, where it's great to be back for a day before heading off to Cleveland to cover the Republican National Convention. Some quick notes as I reacclimate to sea level..."
" Deal data: Venture capitalists deployed $15.3 billion into 961 deals during Q2 2016, which is off 12% and 22% (respectively) from the year-earlier period, according to the MoneyTree three of the NVCA, PwC and Thomson Reuters. As compared to Q1, the new figures are off 20% and 5%. In other words, the deal sizes are actually climbing as the number of deals shrinks"
"Thomson Reuters also reports that global announced M&A is now at $1.7 trillion year-to-date, down 23% from this point in 2015. Global private equity activity is off 30%, while U.S. private equity is down 47%. Global IPOs are at $49.3 billion, 54% lower than YTD 2015."
" Toy talk: Toys 'R' Us CEO Dave Brandon is a longtime Republican donor who also once served as a guest judge on The Apprentice television program. Near the end of our on-stage discussion at Brainstorm Tech, I asked if who he was endorsing for president. He declined to answer, saying it wasn't his role as the CEO of a toy company. Here was the follow-up"
"Me: ""Is there anything from your time behind the scenes that you learned that voters should know?"""
"Brandon: ""Yes. Next question."""
"I also asked Brandon backstage about his thoughts on Pokemon Go, and if he's concerned about such games gaining in popularity/attention with his target audience. He acknowledged the challenges mobile games face a retailer like Toys 'R' Us, but added that this particular one should help boost sales of his Pokemon merchandise. ""We have a whole corner of the store already devoted to Pokemon,"" he said. ""So this should actually be good for us."""
"  Speaking of Brainstorm Tech interviews: For the full video of my conversation with Dropbox CEO Drew Houston and CO Dennis Woodside, please go here. For my session with Draymond Green, Maverick Carter and Warner Bros CEO Kevin Tsujihara, please go here"
"  Smart gun follow-up: As you might imagine, I received a lot of email responses to yesterday's column (which is posted here, for those who asked). We'll hopefully do a mailbag on Monday. But, in the meantime, I want to quickly address two issues that many of you raised"
"1. It is indeed true that many limited partnership agreements for VC and PE firms prohibit investments in weapons (alongside things like alcohol and tobacco), as part of so-called ""sin provisions."" That language would need to be modified, and I think it could be under the aegis of safety."
"2. I neglected to discuss the New Jersey law that requires all new handgun in the state to be equipped with ""smart"" technology within three years of a smart-gun being sold anywhere in the U.S. This law, while perhaps well-intentioned, has caused massive pushback by gun lobbyists and consumers (thus making it harder to entrepreneurs to get funding, due to a perceived market risk). This law must be reworked and/or repealed, as it is counterproductive."
" My deepest sympathies to those in Nice, and to those with family and friends there. Beginning to worry that such sentiments have lost their potency as these horrific acts become more routine than exceptional"
 Have a peaceful weekend.
" Berkshire Hathaway has submitted a bid to acquire Oncor Electric Delivery Co., a unit of Energy Future Holdings that could be valued at upwards of $18 billion, according to Bloomberg. Other likely bidders include NextEra Energy (NYSE: NEE) and an investor consortium co-led by Borealis Infrastructure Management and GIC, which already holds a 19.75% stake in Oncor. Read more"
"  Endotronix Inc., a Woodridge, Ill.-based provider of reimbursable health management tools for patients suffering from advanced heart failure, has raised $32 million in Series C funding. Backers include BioVentures Investors, SV Life Sciences, Lumira Capital, Aperture Venture Partners and OSF Ventures. www.endotronix.co"
"  Alphabet Energy, a maker of flare combusters for oil and gas companies, has raised $23.5 million in new VC funding from Osceola Capital Management, Claremont Creek Ventures, TPG and GM Ventures Read more"
"  Grow, a Provo, Utah-based business data analytics platform, has raised $11 million led by Toba Capital. www.grow.co"
"  CyberGRX, a Denver-based cyber risk management platform, has raised $9 million in Series A funding. Allegis Capital led the round, and was joined by The Blackstone Group, TenEleven Ventures, Rally Ventures, GV and MassMutual Ventures. www.cybergrx.co"
"  Amplero, a Seattle-based predictive customer lifetime value management platform, has raised $8 million in Series A funding. Wildcat Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Globys/Trilogy Equity Partners, Salesforce Ventures and Seven Peaks Ventures. www.amplero.co"
"  Findo, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based smart search assistant, has raised $3 million in new seed funding from Flint Capital. It also says that it expects to soon close on another $1 million in co-investments from individual angels. www.findo.i"
"  Freightera, a Vancouver-based online freight marketplace, has raised C$2.1 million in new VC funding from Robson Capital, Ted Snider Financial and individual angels in California. www.freightera.co"
"  GameOn, a San Francisco-based mobile engagement platform for sports fans, has raised $2 million in new seed funding from Quest Venture Partners, XG Ventures, Next News Ventures the DeBartolo family, Joe Montana and Snoop Dogg. www.getgameonapp.co"
"  Zenrez, a San Francisco-based platform for last-minute fitness class bookings, has raised $2 million in VC funding from Artis Ventures, Summit Action Fund and Precursor Ventures.  www.zenrez.co"
  Estancia Capital Partners is helping to sponsor a management buyout of New York-based broker Abel Noser. No financial terms were disclosed. www.abelnoser.co
"  KKR and Warburg Pincus are in talks to invest in PT Go-Jek, an Indonesian motorcycle-hailing app that could be valued north of $1 billion, according to the WSJ. Read more"
"  MBK Partners has agreed to acquire Japanese golf course operator Accordia Golf Co. (Tokyo: 2131) for upwards of $12.5 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  Seacoast Capital has sponsored a recapitalization of The Sun Valley Group, an Arcata, Calif.-based producer of cut flowers that had been owned by KRG Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.sunvalleyfloral.co"
"  Webster Capital has agreed to acquire an undisclosed stake in Lifestyle Brands, the apparel and consumer products division of Margaritaville Enterprises. No financial terms were disclosed. www.margaritaville.co"
" AdvancePierre Foods Holdings, a Blue Ash, Ohio-based maker of ready-to-eat sandwiches and related products for retail and foodservice customers, raised $391 million in its IPO. The company priced 18.6 million shares at $21 per share ($20-$23 offering range), for an initial market cap of around $1.65 billion.   It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol APFH, while Barclays was listed as left-lead underwriter  AdvancePierre   reports $46 million of net income on $1.6 billion in revenue for 2015, and is owned by Oaktree Capital Management.  www.advancepierre.co"
" Digital Bridge Holdings has agreed to acquire DataBank Ltd., a Dallas-based data center company, from Avista Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed, although Reuters reports that the deal is valued in the “several hundreds of millions” of dollars. Read more"
"  Highstar Capital has hired RBC Capital Markets to find a buyer for Ports America, a Jersey City, N.J.-based terminal operator, according to Bloomberg. A deal could be valued at around $1 billion. Read more"
"  Olivarius Hospitality California has acquired Coolibar Inc., a Minneapolis-based provider of sun-protective clothing, from LFE Capital and AAVIN Private Equity. No financial terms were disclosed. www.coolibar.co"
"  THOM Europe, the holding company for French jeweler Histoire d’Or, has agreed to acquire Italian jewelry brand Stroli from an investor group that includes Investindustrial, L Catterton, 21Investimenti, Ergon Capital, Wise and NB Renaissance. No financial terms were disclosed. www.stroilioro.co"
" Amazon (Nasdaq: AMZN) has acquired Cloud9, a Los Angeles-based maker of software development tools. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
"  Atlassian (Nasdaq: TEAM) has acquired StatusPage, a Mountain View, Calif.-based service that keeps users updated about the status of online business services. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
"  Bayer AG (DB) BAYN) has increased its takeover bid for Monsanto (NYSE: MON) from $122 per share, which Monsanto had rejected, to $125 per share. Read more"
"  MLS Co., a Chinese lighting company, is the frontrunner to acquire the light bulb and LED lamp business of Germany’s Osram Licht AG, which could be valued at just under 500 million, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
"  Xerox (NYSE: XRX) does not plan to continue talks to acquire R.R. Donnelley & Sons (Nasdaq: RRD), according to the WSJ. The early discussions had come amid Xerox's plans to split into two companies, plus R.R. Donnelley’s proposal to split into three companies. Read more"
"  DCM Ventures has closed its eighth flagship fund with $500 million in capital commitments. Firm veterans Tom Blaisdell and Pete Moran are not general partners on the new vehicle, but both will continue to manage their existing investments. www.dcm.co"
"  Marlin Equity Partners, a California-based private equity firm focused on the lower middle markets, has closed its first Europe-focused fund with €325 million in capital commitments. The fund was only offered to existing investors in Marlin funds, and was originally targeting €200 million. www.marlinequity.co"
" Woody Benson, former head of Prism Venture Partners, has joined Launch Capital as a venture partner. www.launchcapital.co"
"  Jim Breyer, head of Breyer Capital and a former managing director with VC firm Accel, has been named to the board of The Blackstone Group (NYSE: BX). www.blackstone.co"
Glenn Gow has joined Clear Ventures as a marketing partner. He previously was founder and CEO of Crimson Marketing. www.clear.ventures
"  Mike Levitt has joined Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors as CEO. He previously was vice chairman of Apollo Credit Management. Kayne Anderson also said that former president and CEO Bob Sinnott will become co-chairman, alongside firm founder Ric Kayne. www.kaynecapital.co"
"  Cathrin Petty has joined CVC Capital Partners as a London-based partner and head of European healthcare investing. She previously was head of EMEA healthcare with J.P. Morgan and, before that, was a special partner with Vitruvian Partners and a partner with Apax. www.cvc.co"
"  Greg Reichow, former VP of production for Tesla Motors, has joined Eclipse Ventures. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Mark King, a co-founder of private equity firm Revelstoke Capital Partners, has passed away unexpectedly while on vacation with his family. He was just 56 years old."
No additional details are currently available.
"King's board seats included Schryver Medical Holdings, RCP Upstream Holdings, Transport Holdings, Crossroads Holding, and RCP Encore Holdings. Prior to helping create Revelstoke, King had co-founded KRG Capital Partners"
Rest in peace Mark.
"Greetings from Cleveland, where I just landed after a flight without WiFi (despite assurances from the airline, gate attendant, etc.). On the upside, our flight attendant apologetically offered me a free alcoholic beverage for breakfast. So just time for some notes, and a slightly abbreviated news section…"
" Huh? That's the question I've gotten from a lot of people who have asked why I'm spending this week in Cleveland (and next week in Philly). No, I'm not becoming a political reporter. Nor a protest groupie. The short explanation as to why I'm helping Fortune cover the conventions is that I did it four years ago because of Romney (i.e., the private equity angle), which means I kinda/sorta know my way around these things. Plus, there are usually a bunch of investor types hanging around. My goal for Term Sheet is to continue business as usual, but clearly there will be a bit of a different feel.."
" Pence and Cents: Back when Chris Christie entered the presidential race in late 2014, we discussed the fundraising challenges he would face due to SEC pay-to-play rules that effectively prevent sitting governors from raising campaign cash from investment advisors which do business with state pension funds (or which solicit such business). Christie obviously isn’t on a ballot anymore, but the same issue could bite Donald Trump, now that he has named Indiana Gov. Mike Pence as his running mate"
"In short, Trump/Pence will not be allowed to directly raise money from such notable supporters as RNC speaker Tom Barrack (Colony Capital) and Wilbur Ross (WL Ross), both of whose firms count Indiana public pensions among their limited partners. Trump backers can bypass this rule by donating directly to the Republican Party or to Trump-affiliated super PACs – although too much of the latter could cause the SEC to expand its rules going forward. Pence also could step down as governor, particularly given that he is no longer running for reelection and will spend most of his remaining term campaigning outside of Indiana…"
" Deal data: Private equity firms pumped more money into public-to-private deals than at any other time since 2007, according to new numbers from Pitchbook Data. The approximately $54 billion worth of such deals is an 80% jump over the same period in 2015, and 18% of total private equity disbursements (highest percentage since first half of 2009). Moreover, eight of the ten largest deals in H1 2016 were public-to-privates"
" Just asking: Is there an argument that Vista Equity is becoming the private equity version of what Andreessen Horowitz was to the VC market three or four years ago? Namely in terms of being willing to pay top dollar for tech companies, due both to a secular investment thesis and also a belief that price discipline is often worth sacrificing in order to get what it believes will eventually be viewed as a bargain"
"Obviously there are lots of differences between the two, but here is something one tech-focused buyout pro from a rival shop recently told me: “It used to be that if we were looking at an auction, my partners would always ask if strategics were involved – meaning that we were wasting our time. Now those same partners ask if Vista is involved.”"
" Inactivist: Carl Icahn, the first big-name financier to publicly support Donald Trump, will not be in Cleveland this week"
" Oh brother, where art thou? Also not here in Cleveland is venture capitalist Josh Kushner, whose brother – New York Observer publisher Jared Kushner – is married to Ivanka Trump and appears to be one of her father’s closest political advisors. Josh’s firm, Thrive Capital, this morning announced that it has closed on its fifth fund with $700 million in capital commitments (hitting its target). As we’ve previously noted, Thrive is a major investor in Oscar, an healthcare insurance platform based on an Affordable Care Act that Trump has pledged to repeal. Also on the Oscar cap table is Founders Fund, the VC firm led by Trump supporter (and RNC speaker) Peter Thiel"
" Where in the World? Tomorrow afternoon in Cleveland I’ll be moderating a panel on what CEO transitions can, and cannot, teach the next president and his/her team. My panelists will include Sen. Bob Corker, former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour, Clay Johnson (head of personnel for 2000 Bush/Cheney transition team) and McKinsey & Co. partner Drew Erdmann. For more info, or to register, please go to http://firstyear2017.org/blog/RNC2016"
 SoftBank has agreed to acquire British chipmaker ARM Holdings (Nasdaq: ARMH) for approximately $32 billion. Read more
"  Azalea Health, an Atlanta-based provider of revenue cycle enhancement software for healthcare practices, has raised $10.5 million in Series B funding. Kayne Partners led the round, and was joined by existing backer Intersouth Partners. www.azaleahealth.co"
"  Lifesum, a Stockholm-based health and nutrition tracking startup, has raised $10 million in new VC funding. Nokia Growth Partners led the round, and was joined by Draper Esprit, Bauer Media Group and SparkLabs Global Ventures. www.lifesum.co"
"  Modo Labs Inc., a Stamford, Conn.-based mobile engagement platform for creating campus and enterprise apps, has raised $10 million in Series B funding. Backers include Education Growth Partners, Storm Ventures and New Magellan Ventures. www.modolabs.co"
"  MarketInvoice, a UK-based P2P lending platform that transacts around outstanding invoices, has raised £7.2 million in new VC funding. MCI Capital led the round, and was joined by return backer Northzone. Read more"
"  Civil Maps, an Albany, Calif.-based provider of 3D mapping technology for fully autonomous vehicles, has raised $6.6 million in seed funding. Motus Ventures led the round, and was joined by Ford Motor Co., Wicklow Capital, StartX Stanford and AME Cloud Ventures. www.civilmaps.co"
"  Scope AR, a San Francisco-based provider of augmented reality smart instructions and live support video calling solutions, has raised $2 million in seed funding from Susa Ventures, Presence Capital Fund and New Stack Ventures. www.scopear.co"
" Magnetic Insight Inc., an Alameda, Calif.-based diagnostic imaging startup, has raised $3 million in seed funding. Sand Hill Angeles led the round, and was joined by the Stanford StartX Fund. www.magneticinsight.co"
"  Blocko, a Korean blockchain platform, has raised an undisclosed amount of new VC funding from Samsung SDS. www.blocko.i"
"  Darktrace, a London-based provider of enterprise cybersecurity software, has raised an undisclosed amount of new VC funding from Samsung SDS. Earlier this year, Darktrace raised $65 million in growth equity funding from KKR, TenEleven Ventures, SoftBank and Summit Partners. www.darktrace.co"
"  ZestFinance, a Los Angeles-based big data company focused on credit scoring, has raised an undisclosed amount of VC funding from Baidu.com. The company previously raised around $270 million in equity and debt financing from Lightspeed Venture Partners, Matrix Partners, Eastward Capital Partners, Kensington Capital, Upfront Ventures, Flybridge Capital Partners, Thiel Capital, Northgate Capital and Fortress Investment Group. Read more"
"  Goldman Sachs and Bain Capital have agreed to acquire Carver Korea Co., a South Korean cosmetics maker, for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
"  Suba Seeds USA Inc., a portfolio company of Paine & Partners, has acquired Brotherton Seed Company Inc., a breeder and producer of high quality pea and bean seeds for the North American processing market. No financial terms were disclosed. www.subaseeds.co"
"  Six companies are expected to price U.S. IPOs this week, per Renaissance Capital. They are: Patheon, TPI Composites, Audentes Therapeutics, Impinj, Tactile Systems Technology and Gemphire Therapeutics. Read more"
"  Airgain, a San Diego-based provider of embedded antenna technologies, has filed for a $17.25 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol AIRG, with Northland Capital Markets serving as sole underwriter. The company reports $139,000 in net income on $8.5 million in revenue for Q1 2016. Shareholders include Gen3 Capital and Northwater Capital Management. www.airgain.co"
 No exit news this morning
"China National Chemical Corp. has agreed to acquire a 40% stake in crop protection company Adama Agricultural Solutions, an Israeli maker of crop protection products, from Discount Investment Corp. (Tel Aviv: DISI) for $1.4 billion (including debt). Read more"
" ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) has offered at least $2.2 billion to acquire InterOil (NYSE: IOC), besting an existing takeover offer by Australia’s Oil Search (ASX: OSH). Read more"
" Benhamou Global Ventures is raising upwards of $75 million for its third fund, according to a regulatory filing. So far it has secured just over $34 million in capital commitments. www.benhamouglobalventures.co"
"  Betaworks, a New York-based startup studio, is raising upwards of $75 million for a venture capital fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.betaworks.co"
  Thrive Capital has closed its fifth fund with $700 million in capital commitments. Read more
  Loren Boston has joined MVision Private Equity Advisers as a senior managing director. He previously was president and COO of Hycroft LLC. www.mvision.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Last night I had dinner in Cleveland with Anthony Scaramucci, the high-profile hedge fund manager and TV host who has become Donald Trump’s most energetic evangelist on Wall Street. Some takeaways from our conversation:"
"Treas Sec: If elected, Trump is planning to name Steve Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary. Not only is this Scaramucci’s belief, but apparently it’s also something Trump told prospective donors during a recent fundraiser in The Hamptons. For those who don’t know Mnuchin, he is a former Goldman Sachs banker who later chaired controversial mortgage lender OneWest. More recently, he has been serving as Trump’s national finance chair. For more background on Mnuchin, check out this NY Times piece."
"Speaking of fundraising, Scaramucci acknowledges that it has been difficult to get some of his Wall Street brethren on board, but believes the difficulties have been overstated. Overall he expects the campaign will raise a total of between $500 million and $600 million, including contributions from Trump himself (who already has loaned the campaign $50m, and Scaramucci believes another $50m is likely to come). Scaramucci's confidence is buoyed by what he says has been an uptick in big money donations over the past two weeks. That said, he does not believe that fundraising is nearly as important in this election as in recent presidential elections."
More appointment stuff: Scaramucci believes that Trump would name Chris Christie as Attorney General and Rudy Giuliani as head of homeland security.
"Scaramucci is a longtime Republican, although he did break with the GOP to support Harvard classmate Barrack Obama in 2008. He says he became disillusioned with Obama over how the Administration treated Chrysler creditors back in March 2009."
"Some of you might recall that Scaramucci and I recently got into a lengthy Twitter battle over Trump's immigration plans and, in particular, his (since walked-back) call for a temporary ban on any Muslims from entering the United States. We didn't exactly resolve these differences over dinner, but Scaramucci did talk a lot about his family's long memory of discrimination against Italian immigrants (""Teddy Roosevelt is still despised by my family"") and believes Trump is a ""good listener"" who is gaining a better appreciation of such issues. ""He will definitely want people with diverse opinions around him"" if elected, Scaramucci says. ""He's shown that by spending so much time talking with me."""
"First 100 days: Scaramucci believes that Trump's initial focus will be on cutting energy industry regulation in order to stimulate the economy, but also laid out some burgeoning plans for healthcare reform (beyond repealing ACA) that include tort reform (an old GOP chestnut), increasing doctor supply and ""breaking the American Medical Association and hosital oligopoly."""
"  Corporate venturing: Bloomberg Beta, the early-stage venture capital arm of Bloomberg LP, today announced that it has closed its second fund with $75 million. That's the same size as Bloomberg Beta's debut fund, with all of the money again coming from the parent company"
"Three quick notes on this: (1) Bloomberg Beta continues to avoid fin-tech investments, so as not to create competitive conflicts with Bloomberg LP. It has, however, invested in Slack and some companies within the Slack ecosystem. Not fin-tech, but possibly a challenger to part of the Bloomberg machine's dominant sauce. (2) Any of Bloomberg Beta's four partners can greenlight a deal (i.e., there are no votes). Fund head Roy Bahat says: ""At the seed stage, the cost of missing is very high but the cost of betting wrong is very low."" Indeed, typical first checks are now between $500,000 and $1 million. (3) Bloomberg Beta regularly sets up meetings between entrepreneurs and Bloomberg LP but, according to Bahat, fewer than 10% of such conversations last year were with startups in which Bloomberg Beta had an equity stake."
"  Private to public: This afternoon in Cleveland I'll be moderating a panel on what CEO transitions can, and cannot, teach the next president and his/her team. My panelists will include Sen. Bob Corker, ex-RNC chief Haley Barbour, Bush/Cheney transition vet Clay Johnson and McKinsey & Co. partner Drew Erdmann. For more info, or to register, please go to http://firstyear2017.org/blog/RNC2016"
"  CommonBond, a New York-based marketplace lending platform for student loans, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. Neuberger Berman Private Equity led the round, and was joined by return backers August Capital, Tribeca Venture Partners, Social Capital, Nyca Partners and Victory Park Capital"
"The company also announced $300 million in loan purchases by an undisclosed “global asset management firm,” and the acquisition of personal finance platform Gradible. www.commonbond.com"
" RefleXion Medical, a Hayward, Calif.-based developer of radiotherapy system for personalized cancer treatment, has raised $52 million in Series B funding. KCK Group led the round, and was joined by Venrock, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer Venture Investments and Sofinnova Partners. www.reflexionmedical.co"
" ZenReach, a San Francisco-based provider of wifi hardware to coffee shops and other restaurants, has raised $30 million in Series B funding. Backers include 8VC, Bain Capital Ventures, SV Angel, Felicis Ventures, SoftTechVC and Peter Thiel (who is joining the company’s board of directors). Read more"
" Cambridge Medical Robotics, a UK developer of a robotic system for keyhole surgery, has raised $20 million in Series A funding. Backers include LGT Global Invest, ABB Technology Ventures and Cambridge Innovation Capital. Mooreland Partners served as placement agent. www.cmedrobotics.co"
" Skycure, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based provider of mobile threat defense solutions, has raised $16.5 million in Series B funding. Foundation Capital led the round, and was joined by Shasta Ventures, Pitango Venture Capital, New York Life and individual angels. www.skycure.co"
" Kiip, a San Francisco-based mobile rewards network, has raised $12 million in Series C funding. North Atlantic Capital led the round, and was joined by US Cellular. Read more"
" Guideline, a San Francisco-based online retirement planning startup, has raised $7 million in Series A funding. Propel Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers NEA and Lerer Hippeau Ventures. www.guideline.co"
" Cadenza Innovation, an Oxford, Conn.-based developer of energy storage solutions, has raised $5 million in growth equity funding. Golden Seeds led the round, and was joined by Connecticut Innovations, Scale Investors and individual angels. www.cadenzainnovation.co"
" Eastwind Networks, a Salt Lake City-based provider of a hybrid network breach detection system, has raised $5.5 million in new seed funding. Signal Peak Ventures led the round, and was joined by Cybersecurity Investments LLC. www.eastwindnetworks.co"
"  American Securities has acquired Ulterra Drilling Technologies LP, a Fort Worth, Teas-based manufacturer of polycrystalline diamond compact drill bits to the oil and gas industry, from ESCO Corp. (a portfolio company of Endeavour Capital). No financial terms were disclosed. www.ulterra.co"
" Apax Partners has agreed to acquire Dominion Marine Media, a Norfolk, Va.-based provider of marine classifieds marketplace and marketing software to marine brokers and dealers, from a subsidiary of Landmark Media Enterprises. No financial terms were disclosed. www.dominionmarinemedia.co"
" Beringer Capital has acquired Adweek, a New York-based trade media group focused on the marketing and ad space, from Mediabistro Holdings, a portfolio company of Guggenheim Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.adweek.co"
" Charlesbank Capital Partners has agreed to acquire Polyconcept, a Dutch provider of promotional products, from Investcorp. Partners Group and company management also participated as equity investors. No financial terms were disclosed. www.polyconcept.co"
" Charme Capital Partners has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Igenomix, a Spain-based provider of genetic testing services for reproductive health patients and clinics. No financial terms were disclosed. www.Igenomix.co"
" Clarion Brands, a Trevose, Penn.-based provider of OTC healthcare solutions, has acquired probiotic brand Florajen for an undisclosed amount. Clarion is a portfolio company of Swander Pace Capital. www.clarionbrands.co"
" Gryphon Investors has agreed to acquire Lawler Foods, a Humble, Texas-based manufacturer of cheesecakes and other desserts for retail and foodservice customers. No financial terms were disclosed. www.lawlers.co"
" Integrity Marketing Group LLC, a Highland Village, Texas-based distributor of life and health insurance products focused on the senior market, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from HGGC. www.integritymarketinggroup.co"
" Lucernex Inc., a Plano, Texas-based provider of workplace management system and store lifecycle management software, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from HCAP Partners. www.lucernex.co"
 Sandvik (Oslo: SAND) has agreed to sell its Mining Systems business to CoBe Capital for an undisclosed amount. Sandvik will retain ownership of certain ongoing projects close to finalization. www.sandvik.co
" TPG Capital has acquired Beaver-Visitec International, a Waltham, Mass.-based maker of surgical devices for the ophthalmic marketplace, from RoundTable Healthcare Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.beaver-visitec.co"
" Vector Capital has acquired Longitude Licensing, a Dublin, Ireland-based intellectual property management company, from Sterling Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.longitudelicensing.co"
" Warburg Pincus has acquired a 31.75% stake in Camil Alimentos SA, a Brazil-based packaged food company, from an affiliate of Gávea Investimentos. No financial terms were disclosed. www.camil.com.b"
" Kinsale Capital Group, a Richmond, Va.-based specialty insurer focused on the excess and surplus lines market, set its IPO terms to 6 million shares at between $14 and $16 per share. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol KNSL, with J.P. Morgan and William Blair serving as lead underwriters. The company reports $5.3 million of net income on around $33 million in revenue for Q1 2016. Shareholders include Moelis Capital Partners"
" Mason Wells has sold Mullinex Packages Inc., a Fort Wayne, Ind.-based extruder and theroformer of food packaging products, to Sabert Corp. No financial terms were disclosed. www.sabert.co"
" Berkshire Hathaway has agreed to acquire Medical Liability Mutual Insurance, a New York-based underwriter of medical professional liability insurance. Read more"
" Carbon Black has agreed to acquire Confer, a Southborough, Mass.-based cyberthreat security network. No financial terms were disclosed. Carbon Black has raised over $180 million in VC funding from firms like Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, .406 Ventures, Highland Capital Partners and The Blackstone Group. Confer has raised around $25 million in VC funding from firms like Foundation Capital, Matrix Partners and North Bridge Venture Partners. www.carbonblack.co"
" NowFloats, an India-based business website development group, has acquired Indian messaging app Lookup. No financial terms were disclosed. NowFloats has raised around $9 million in VC funding from firms like Omidyar Network, Iron Pillar, IIFL Wealth and Blume Ventures. Lookup had raised $6 million in VC funding from firms like Khosla Ventures. Read more"
 Sun Life Financial Inc. (TSX: SLF) and Khazanah Nasional reportedly is in talks to acquire the insurance unit of Malaysia’s Hong Leong Financial Group. Read more
  Industry Ventures has closed its fourth VC fund-of-funds and new direct VC investment fund with a total of more than $400 million in capital commitments. www.industryventures.co
"  OpenGate Capital, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm, has closed its first institutional fund with $305 million in capital commitments. UBS served as placement agent. www.opengatecapital.co"
" Pelican Energy Partners, a private equity firm focused on buyout and growth equity investments in energy services and equipment companies, has closed its second fund with $210 million in capital commitments. www.pelicanenergypartners.co"
" Rise Capital, a VC firm focused on expansion-stage tech companies in emerging markets, is raising upwards of $50 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.risecapital.co"
"  Catalyst Investors, a New York-based growth equity firm, has made three promotions: David Gordon to vice president, Mia Hegazy to senior associate and Kapil Desai to associate. www.catalyst.co"
" Coller Capital has promoted London-based partner Michael Schad to head of investment management. The firm also promoted David Platter (New York) and Francois Aguerre (London) to co-heads of origination, and named five new partners: Paige Brotherton and Paul Lanna (New York office), Peter Kim (Hong Kong) and David Jolly and Rune Munk (London). www.collercapital.co"
 Jon McCarter has joined Houlihan Lokey as a Houston-based managing director and national energy leader for transaction advisory services. He previously was with EY. www.hl.co
 Pritzker Group Venture Capital has promoted Gabe Greenbaum to partner and Peter Liu to vice president. www.pritzkergroup.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from Cleveland, where the GOP Convention is heading into its third day."
"  Razor's Edge: Today's big deal is that Unilever has acquired Dollar Shave Club, the direct-to-consumer razor retailer known for its kitschy TV ads starring company founder and CEO Michael Dubin. No financial terms were disclosed but, as we were first to report last night, sources tell us that the price-tag was $1 billion in cash. A bunch of notes on this, as it is the largest M&A deal for a privately-held e-commerce company since Amazon bought Zappos in 2009 (a deal that began valued at $850m, but ended at $1.2b thanks to Amazon's stock price appreciation)"
"1. Dubin was introduced to Unilever through a J.P. Morgan banker, although the early discussions were just about an advisory and/or minority investment agreement. Eventually conversations turned to acquisition, but DSC never ran an auction process."
"2. Dubin has a long-term agreement with Unilever to let him continue running DSC, which will operate as an independent business."
"3. The VC returns are staggering. I've seen a spreadsheet of the seed round (from early 2012), in which DSC raised $900,000 on a $4.5 million pre-money valuation. That round's bigest checks were $250,000 a piece from Forerunner Ventures and Kleiner Perkins, while Andreessen Horowiz, Shasta Ventures and Felicis Ventures each put in $100,000. Venrock would lead the Series A and Series B, the latter of which had a $57 million post-money valuation. Technology Crossover Ventures led the final two rounds, which included a $630 million post-money on last fall's Series D. Board seats went to Venrock, Forerunner, Shasta Ventures and TCV (plus Science Inc., which helped create DSC in the first place)."
"4. The strategic rationale of this deal for DSC is that Unilever should help it rapidly expand into new geographic markets (it's only in three countries currently), and also aid in increased distribution (although DSC does not plan to deviate from its direct-to-consumer model). For Unilever, this helps it better compete against rival Procter & Gamble (owner of Gillette), by bringing it into the razor market for the first time."
"5. Speaking of P&G, the conglomerate is now under some serious pressure to respond. Its own direct-to-consumer razor business has struggled to gain market traction, and I wouldn't be surprised to see it make a run at DSC rival Harry's or growing niche player Walker & Co."
"6. Harry's shareholders tell me they're thrilled by the DSC news (despite their rival gaining immediate scale). Primarily because it sets a high price ― Unilever is paying 4.2x projected revenue for the unprofitable DSC ― with Harry's believed to be generating more current revenue than DSC (in part thanks to its private-label business in Europe) with control of its own production stack (it owns a razor-making factory, which may or may not aid in a P&G deal, given that Gillette also manufactures its own blades)."
"7. For more on DSC, check out this Fortune feature from Adam Lashinsky, published in early 2015."
"  Hyperloopy: As expected, Hyperloop One has fired a countersuit against co-founder Brogan BamBrogan and three other ex-employees, accusing them of intending to “manufactur[e] a rebellion and incit[e] conflict in a transparent attempt to seize control of the company. My colleague Jennifer Reingold has the story here"
" Coal confusion: Last night's RNC Convention program was supposed to focus on jobs and the economy, although it was instead dominated by family testaments to Trump and everyone else trying to further impugn Hillary Clinton. In fact, the only real talk of jobs came from West Virginia and Kentucky pols and delegates (the latter during roll call), who claimed Donald Trump would bring back coal jobs that have been lost over the past eight years"
"To be sure, the Obama Administration has been no friend to coal, and Clinton has openly signaled her animus to the industry. But the West Virginia and Kentucky folks are delusional if they think Donald Trump is going to be any better for them outside of kinder rhetoric."
"For starters, the big problem for coal right now isn't regulation. It's price. Namely that natural gas has become incredibly cheap, due largely to America's own domestic energy boom. It also hasn't helped U.S. coal producers that China is pulling back on coal imports, as it builds dozens of nuclear power plans."
"Trump is promising an ""all of the above"" energy strategy, but a big part of it is cutting regulations across the board ― under a theory that it will significantly boost production, thus further growing the American economy (particularly now that oil exports are allowed again). If successful, this only would further reduce the price of natural gas, thus continuing to put coal at a competitive disadvantage (even though coal prices too might lessen). Moreover, Trump has occasionally signaled his willingness to start a trade war with China, which certainly wouldn't boost the coal export biz."
"Again, I understand the coal industry's animus toward Democrats. But its current problems aren't really partisan."
"  Unilever (NYSE: UL) has acquired Dollar Shave Club, the Santa Monica, Calif.-based direct-to-consumer retailer of razors and other personal care products. No financial terms were disclosed, but sources say that the price-tag was $1 billion in cash"
"Dollar Shave Club had raised over $160 million in venture capital funding, most recently last November at a $539 million valuation. Read more."
" Sprinklr, a New York-based provider of enterprise social technology solutions, has raised $105 million in Series F funding at a $1.8 billion valuation. Temasek led the round, and was joined by Wellington Management, EDBI and return backers like Battery Ventures, Intel Capital and Iconiq Capital. Read more"
" Sift Science, a San Francisco-based provider of real-time machine learning fraud prevention for online businesses, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. Insight Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Union Square Ventures and Spark Capital. www.siftscience.co"
" Pantheon, a WordPress and Drupal hosting service, has raised $29 million in Series C funding. Industry Ventures was joined by return backers Foundry Group, OpenView Venture Partners and Scale Venture Partners. www.pantheon.i"
" Doppler Labs, a New York-based maker of an all-in-one wireless listening system, has raised $24 million in new VC funding. The Chernin Group led the round, and was joined by individual investors like David Geffen, Dan Gilbert, Henry Kravis and Anton Levy. www.dopplerlabs.co"
" GuardiCore, an Israeli provider of data center security and breach detection solutions, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. Existing backers Battery Ventures and 83North were joined by new investors Cisco Investments. www.guardicore.co"
" Omise, a Thailand-based online payments platform, has raised $17.5 million in Series B funding. SBI Investment led the round, and was joined by return backers Sinar Mas Digital Ventures, Ascend Money and Golden Gate Ventures. www.omise.c"
" Precision Ocular, a UK-based retinal therapeutics company, has raised £15.5 million in Series A funding. Backers include Imperial Innovations, Consort Medical, NeoMed, V-Bio Ventures and Hovione Scientia Ltd. www.precisionocular.co.u"
" Brandcast, a San Francisco-based code-free website platform for brands, has raised $13.9 million in Series A funding. Shasta Ventures led the round, and was joined by Correlation Ventures and existing backer Marc Benioff. www.brandcast.co"
" Akili Interactive Labs Inc., a Boston-based provider of non-pharmacological therapeutics and diagnostics for cognitive disorders, has raised $11.9 million in new Series B funding (round total is now $42.4 million). Backers include Merck Ventures and Amgen Ventures. www.akiliinteractive.co"
" BestMile SA, a Swiss developer of cloud intelligence for driverless vehicles, has raised $2.5 million in new VC funding led by Forticap. www.bestmile.co"
" Trim, a personal finance chatbot, has raised $2.2 million in new VC funding. Eniac Ventures led the round, and was joined by Sound Ventures, Version One Ventures and Core Innovation Capital. Read more"
" ZipBooks, an accounting software startup, has raised $2 million in seed funding. Peak Ventures led the round, and was joined by Pelion Venture Partners, Liquid 2 Ventures and individual angels. www.zipbooks.co"
" Mist, a Mountain View, Calif.-based provider of mobile experiences for business, has raised an undisclosed amount of strategic funding from Cisco Investments. www.mist.co"
" Albireo Energy, a portfolio company of Huron Capital Partners, has acquired Advanced Power Control and Energy Systems Technologies Inc., a pair of Newark, Del.-based providers of building automation systems, lighting controls, metering, fault detection and diagnostics, and energy services to building owners in the Mid-Atlantic region. No financial terms were disclosed. www.albireoenergy.co"
" Bonlook, a Montreal-based eyewear company, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Walter Capital Partners. www.bonlook.co"
" The Hilb Group, a Richmond, Va.-based portfolio company of ABRY Partners, has acquired Fern Park, Fla.-based Carrier Insurance Agency Inc. for an undisclosed amount. www.hilbgroup.co"
" GHO Capital has acquired Caprion Biosciences, a Montreal-based provider of immunology and proteomics analytical lab services, from Chicago Growth Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.caprion.co"
" Hygiena LLC, a Camarillo, Calif.-based environmental testing and sanitation company, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Warburg Pincus. Read more"
" The Riverside Company has acquired n2y LLC, a Huron, Ohio-based provider of education publishing services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.n2y.co"
" Sentinel Capital Partners has acquired Revenew International, a Houston, Texas-based provider of cost recovery and cost containment services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.revenew.ne"
" Audentes Therapeutics Inc., a San Francisco-based developer of gene therapy products for patients with serious and rare diseases, raised $75 million in its IPO. The company priced five million shares at $15 per share (middle of range), for an initial market cap of around $315 million. The pre-revenue company will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol BOLD, while BofA Merrill Lynch, Cowen & Co. and Piper Jaffray served as lead underwriters. Audentes had raised around $108 million in VC funding from firms like OrbiMed Advisors (29.9% pre-IPO stake), 5AM Ventures (14.6%), Versant Ventures (11.1%), Sofinnova Venture Partners (7.8%) and Deerfield Management (6.3%). www.audentestx.co"
"  BioVentus Inc., a Durham, N.C.-based maker of bone stimulation devices, has set its IPO terms to around 8.82 million shares being offered at between $16 and $18 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol BIOV, with J.P. Morgan and Piper Jaffray serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $34 million net loss on nearly $254 million in revenue for 2015. Shareholders include Essex Woodlands Health Ventures, Smith & Nephew, Spindletop Healthcare Capital, Pantheon Ventures, Ampersand Capital and Alta Partners. www.bioventusglobal.co"
" Egeria has agreed to sell Den Braven, a Dutch maker of adhesives and sealants, to Arkema SA for approximately €485 million. Read more"
" MenschDanke of Germany has acquired Versus, a Berlin-based product comparison site. No financial terms were disclosed. Versus had raised $3.8 million in VC funding from Earlybird Venture Capital and 500 Startups. Read more"
 Monsanto (NYSE: MON) has rejected an upwardly-revised $125 per share takeover offer from Bayer AG (DB: BAYN). Read more
 U.S. antitrust regulators plan to file lawsuits to stop Anthem’s (NYSE: ANTM) planned takeover of Cigna (NYSE: CI) and Aetna’s (NYSE: AET) purchase of Humana (NYSE: HUM). Read more
 No firm or fund news this morning
  David Mell has joined RBC Capital Markets as a managing director covering the retail and “value-added distribution industries.” He previously was a managing director with Wells Fargo. www.rbc.co
  Manny Roman has joined PIMCO as CEO. He previously led hedge fund management firm Man Group PLC. Read more
 Alex Tracy has joined Perella Weinberg Partners as a managing director in the firm’s advisory business. He previously was a managing director with Miller Buckfire & Co. www.pwpartners.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Charlestown is the blue-collar Boston neighborhood best known as a setting for such films as Mystic River and Good Will Hunting. Not exactly the sort of place you'd expect to find the city's next hotshot startup, let alone one promising to significantly increase the crop yields of agricultural staples like wheat and cotton."
"And yet, there is Indigo Agriculture, which has converted part of an old Charlestown milk bottling plant into a headquarters that melds open office decor with top-end lab equipment and ""grow rooms"" whose LED lights are so bright that visitors must wear sunglasses."
"Today, the company is announcing that it has raised $100 million in new venture capital funding led by the Alaska Permanent Fund, and that its initial product has been planted on more than 50,000 acres of cotton crop in five states."
"Indigo is led by president and CEO David Perry, a serial entrepreneur who previously co-founded and led Anacor Pharmaceuticals (acquired earlier this year by Pfizer for $5.2 billion). After leaving Anacor in March 2014, Perry began to turn his attention to food. It was something he'd given a lot of attention to in his personal life, due to a family history of heart disease, and he determined that there were three big food issues facing the world:"
1. How to produce more food.2. How to make that food healthier and more sustainable.3. How to change eating behaviors.
"At around the same time, venture capital firm Flagship Ventures was incubating Indigo based on the research of partner and Seres Therapeutics founder Geoff Von Maltzahn (who serves as Indigo's chief technology officer), who was looking at agricultural bacteria from a different perspective."
"""There has been a lot of microbial research in terms of increasing crop production, but most of it has focused on what's in the soil,"" says Perry, who believes Indigo addresses the first two of his three big food issues. ""But it's very hard to separate what's actually helping the plant, and what's just there. If you want to know what microbials are important to plants, look inside the plants."""
"That's what Indigo has done. It has examined ancestral seeds and modern crops that have outperformed in difficult environments, such as drought. And it has sequenced tens of thousands of microbials, learning which ones can be used to improve crop yields from both abiotic (e.g., water, salinity, heat) and biotic (e.g., fungi, insets, weeds) perspectives."
"Indigo's first product is aimed at improving water use efficiency of cotton crops, with the company arguing that its application can increase yields by between 5% and 20%. What's particularly important about that claim is that Indigo, unlike other microbial providers, doesn't charge farmers up-front. Instead, the company itself pays to have a farmer's seed coated, and then only receives payment once yield increases are realized in the fields (by using a small untreated crop as a control group)."
"""We're trying to change the business model, particularly because farmers already have very tight margins,"" Perry explains. ""We will send out people and use drones to look at the crops, but mostly it's in our interest to trust the farmers, and I've found them to generally be very trustworthy people."""
"Tyler McClendon of Oxbow Agriculture, who has put Indigo's product on over 1,000 acres of his land in Arkansas, adds that if the product proves effective come September harvest, the business model will encourage other farmers to sign on. ""There's no risk to us, and that sort of innovation in business model is just as important as its technical innovation,"" McClendon says. ""Usually we have to pay whether it works or not."""
"Indigo aims to eventually take major market share from incumbent agricultural giants like Monsanto and Bayer, which Perry argues are trying to use M&A to grow instead of R&D. Such a goal is a tall order, which is why the new funding from Alaska Permanent Fund, a very deep pocket with $54 billion, is so vital."
"""We need long-term investors because this isn't for most traditional venture capitalists,"" he says."
"To date, Indigo has raised over $163 million. Flagship Ventures re-upped for the latest round, and Indigo also received investments from several undisclosed ""long-term"" investors that Perry suggested were mutual funds and/or family offices."
" BC Partners is in exclusive talks to acquire a majority stake in Keter Plastic, an Israeli maker of outdoor furniture, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at around $1.6 billion. Read more"
" Deposit Solutions GmbH, a German fintech startup focused on the European retail deposit market, has raised €15 million in VC funding at a €110 million valuation. Backers include Valar Ventures, FinLab and Greycroft Partners. www.deposit-solutions.d"
" Mywish Marketplaces, an India-based online portal to compare retail loans, has raised $15 million in new VC funding from Franklin Templeton. Read more"
" Redis Labs, an open-source data structure store, has raised $14 million in Series C funding. Bain Capital Ventures and Carmel Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by return backers like Silicon Valley Bank. Read more"
" CargoX, a Brazil-based provider of on-demand trucking services, has raised $10 million in Series B funding. Goldman Sachs led the round, and was joined by Valor Capital Group and return backers like Agility Logistics and Lumia Capital. www.cargox.com/b"
" N-of-One, a Lexington, Mass.-based precision medicine oncology decision support company, has raised $7 million in Series B funding from Providence Ventures and Excel Venture Management. www.n-of-one.co"
" ReviewTrackers, a Chicago-based customer feedback platform, has raised $4 million in growth equity funding led by American Family Ventures. The company also secured a $2.1 million debt facility from Square 1 Bank. www.reviewtrackers.co"
" Stardog, a Washington, D.C.-based enterprise data unification platform, has raised $2.3 million in seed funding led by Core Capital and Boulder Ventures. www.stardog.co"
Correction: Sprinklr's $105 million Series F round was led by Temasek. Apologies for yesterday's error. Read more.
" 3PL Central, a Manhattan Beach, Calif.-based provider of third party logistics and warehouse management software, has acquired Traker Systems, a provider of cloud-based inventory control software. No financial terms were disclosed. 3PL Central is a portfolio company of Mainsail Partners. www.3plcentral.co"
" Deltek, a Herndon, Va.-based portfolio company of Thoma Bravo, has acquired Union Square Software, a UK-based provider of project information and collaboration software for the architecture, engineering and construction markets. No financial terms were disclosed. www.deltek.co"
" GSR Capital of China is part of an investor consortium that is in advanced talks to acquire an 80% stake in Italian football club A.C. Milan at an enterprise value of around €700 million (including debt), according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Vantage Specialty Chemicals Inc., a Chicago-based portfolio company of The Jordan Co., has agreed to acquire Mallet and Company, a Pittsburgh-based provider of baking release agents. No financial terms were disclosed. www.vantagespecialties.co"
" Impinj Inc., a Seattle-based provider of UHF RFID solutions, raised $67 million in its IPO. The company priced 4.8 million shares at $14 per share, compared to original plans to offer 4.6 million shares at between $12 and $14 per share. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol PI, while RBC Capital Markets, Pacific Crest Securities and Piper Jaffray served as lead underwriters. Impinj reports a $2.33 million net loss on around $21.6 million in revenue for Q1 2016. The company (which originally tried to go public in 2012) had raised $138 million in VC funding since its 2000 inception, from firms like Arch Venture Partners (10.7% pre-IPO stake), Polaris Partners (9.9%), Madrona Venture Group (9.4%), Mobius Venture Capital (9.2%), Intel Capital (8.1%), GF Private Equity (7%) and AllianceBernstein (5.8%). www.impinj.co"
" Expedia (Nasdaq: EXPE) has acquired Trover, a Seattle-based platform for travel and photo enthusiast communities. No financial terms were disclosed. Trover had raised around $12 million in VC funding from firms like Benchmark, Concur Technologies and General Catalyst Partners. Read more"
" The Kroger Co. (NYSE: KR) has agreed to acquire Modern HC Holdings Inc., an Orlando-based specialty pharmacy, from Altamont Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.modernhealthinc.co"
" BYD (HK: 1211), a Chinese auto and rechargeable battery company, has selling a $450 million equity stake to Samsung Electronics. Read more"
" F.N.B. Corp. (NYSE: FNB) is in advanced talks to acquire Yadkin Financial (NYSE: YDKN), a Raleigh, N.C.-based commercial bank with a market cap of around $1.33 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Galenica (Swiss: GALN) has agreed to acquire Relypsa (Nasdaq: RLYP), a Redwood City, Calif.-based developer of polymeric medicines, for $1.53 billion in cash, or $32 per share (59% premium to yesterday’s closing price). Read more"
" Mondelez International Inc. (Nasdaq: MDLZ) is in talks to buy the license to make Cadbury biscuits from Burton’s Biscuits Co., according to Sky News. Read more"
 Temasek has agreed to acquire the more than 45% stake it does not already hold in Singapore-listed public transport company SMRT Corp. for around $869 million. Read more
" True Ventures has filed with the SEC to raise upwards of $175 million for its second select fund, which focuses on later-stage investments. • "">www.trueventures.co"
"  Velocis, a Dallas-based private equity real estate manager, has closed its second fund with more than $270 million in capital commitments. www.velocis.co"
  Rachael Horwitz has joined Spark Capital as the firm’s first marketing and communications partner. She previously was director of tech communications for Facebook. www.sparkcapital.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from 30,000 feet, as I'm on an early morning flight back to Boston after a week of GOP conventioneering in Cleveland (which was a great host city). Some notes:"
" He said what? Last night's  big speech, of course, came from GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, but Silicon Valley was far more interested in an earlier address by Peter Thiel, an avowed libertarian who had confused a lot of his ideological pals by agreeing to appear at the RNC. In fact, there were more than a few folks who believed Thiel had some sort of ulterior motives, or perhaps even a mischievous plan to endorse Gary Johnson. I had my own silly theory, although it (sadly, so sadly) didn't come to pass"
"Instead, Thiel gave a pretty standard endorsement speech that left no question as to his support for the new Republican standard-bearer."
"“My industry has made a lot of progress in computers and in software and it’s made a lot of money. But Silicon Valley is a small place and, if you drive to Sacramento or even across the bridge to Oakland, you won’t see much prosperity. That’s how small it is.”"
"The only real noteworthy piece was Thiel's acknowledgement of being a proud gay American ― not any sort of secret to those who know of Thiel, but also not something said before during a prime time RNC address. The remark drew loud cheers, as did other positive mentions of LGBT issues during the convention, from a crowd that perhaps was not aware of its party's actual platform."
"  Townie tangential: In yesterday's column on Indigo Agriculture, I noted that Charlestown is ""known as a setting for such films as Mystic River and Good Will Hunting."" Suffice to say, many Boston readers took issue with both. In my defense, Mystic River was partially filmed in Charlestown (the movie's actual location is fictional, but Dorchester folks claim it as theirs) and my GWH reference was to the Bunker Hill Community College Scenes (don't worry -- I once worked in Southie and used to eat at dear departed Tasty in Harvard Square). But, as emailers suggested, I should have just cited The Town"
" Update: When General Motors announced in March that it was buying Cruise Automation, we reported that the undisclosed purchase price was just over $1 billion. Yesterday, GM chief financial officer Chuck Stevens said in an earnings call that it only paid out $581 million (split between cash and stock)"
"In other words, we seem to have a pretty substantial discrepancy."
"From what we can tell, the delta here is because GM is being very narrow (and a bit strange) in how it describes the deal value. The $581 million (or $600 million, whichever you prefer) is the cash and stock that actually went out the Detroit doors during GM’s second fiscal quarter. Not included were a variety of other things, including cash still being held in escrow, expected earn-out payments, employee retention packages and other expected employee compensation (particularly for those with unvested shares at the time of acquisition)."
This is probably what Stevens was referring to when he said:
"""The deal consideration at closing was approximately $600 million with $300 million paid in cash during the quarter and the remaining $300 million paid through the issuance of new common stock. Additionally, we entered into other agreements associated with retention of key employees and performance based awards contingent on continued employment and or reaching certain milestones from a technology and a commercialization perspective."""
"After the GM earnings call, I reached back out to my original sources, one of whom asked me to wait while he pulled out the deal documentation to double-check, and they all reiterated the $1 billion purchase price."
"A GM spokesman declined to get into specific numbers, but said that any payouts above the $581 million ― including earn-outs related to commercial or technological milestones ― are being considered by the company to be employment costs instead of acquisition costs. Unclear why a tech-based earnout would be an employment cost, but that's how GM is doing it."
Have a great weekend
"  Goldman Sachs is preparing to begin marketing its seventh private equity fund, targeting anywhere from $5 billion to $8 billion, according to the WSJ. This would be Goldman’s first buyout fund since raising $20 billion in 2007, and also its first since the Volcker Rule restricted the amount of capital Goldman could contribute to its own vehicle. Read more"
" AristaMD, a San Diego-based provider of specialist referral support tools, has raised $11 million in Series A funding. Avalon Ventures led the round, and was joined by Correlation Ventures. www.aristamd.co"
" Kazan Networks Corp., an Auburn, Calif.-based data storage performance startup, has raised $4.5 million in Series A funding. Samsung Ventures led the round, and was joined by Intel Capital and Western Digital Corp. www.kazan-networks.co"
" Bain Capital and Goldman Sachs have agreed to acquire a majority stake in Carver Korea, a South Korean cosmetics company. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Carver is on a $130 million revenue run rate. This represents Bain Capital’s first-ever investment in Korea. www.hydration.co.k"
" Clayton, Dubilier & Rice has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Tranzact, a Fort Lee, N.J.-based provider of direct-to-consumer sales and marketing solutions for U.S. insurance carriers, from shareholders like White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd. (NYSE: WTM). No financial terms were disclosed, although earlier news reports said that Tranzact generates around $50 million in annual EBITDA. Evercore managed the process. www.cdr-inc.co"
" Clubessential LLC, a Cincinnati-based provider of software for golf and yacht clubs, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Battery Ventures. www.clubessential.co"
" First Reserve has agreed to acquire Morrison Utility Services, a British utility infrastructure company, from Bregal Capital and Motion Equity Partners. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Morrison generates over £600 million in annual revenue. www.firstreserve.co"
" Genesys, a French provider of omnichannel customer experience and contact center solutions, has raised around $900 million in equity funding from Hellman & Friedman at a $3.8 billion valuation. www.genesys.com/f"
" L Capital Asia, an investment unit of French luxury goods company LVMH) (Paris: LVMH), has acquired a minority stake in South Korea-based CLIO Cosmetics for an undisclosed amount. Reuters reports that the investment was $50 million for a 7% stake. Read more"
" LifeAID Beverage Co., a Santa Cruz, Calif.-based manufacturer of “premium nutritional products for active lifestyles,” has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from KarpReilly LLC. www.lifeaidbevco.co"
" Patheon, a Dutch provider of outsourced contract drug manufacturing solutions, raised $625 million in its IPO. The company priced 29.8 million shares at $21 per share (middle of $19-$22 range), and will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol PTHN. J.P. Morgan served as lead underwriter. The company used to trade on the TSX before being acquired by JLL Partners and DSM (Amsterdam: DSM) for $1.4 billion in 2013. www.patheon.co"
"  TPI Composites Inc., a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based manufacturer of composite wind blades, raised $69 million in its IPO. The company priced 6.3 million shares at $11 per share, compared to original plans to offer 7.3 million shares at between $15 and $17 per share. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TPIC, while J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley served as co-lead underwriters. The company reports $1.7 million of net income on $176 million in revenue for Q1 2016, compared to a $5.7 million net loss on around $96.6 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Shareholders include Element Partners (32.2% pre-IPO stake), Landmark Partners (20.9%), Angeleno Group (18.5%), NGP Energy Technology Partners (14.8%) and GE Ventures (11%). www.tpicomposites.co"
" Caesars Acquisition Co. (Nasdaq: CACQ), whose shareholders include Apollo Global Management, is in talks to sell the online games business of Caesars Interactive Entertainment Inc. to a Chinese investor consortium that includes Giant Interactive Group, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at $4.2 billion, with the Chinese group reportedly beating out rival bids from Hasbro (Nasdaq: HAS) and South Korea-based Netmarble Games. Read more"
" China Resources Group and Macquarie Group have agreed to acquire a majority stake in GenesisCare Ltd., an Australian provider of cancer and cardiac care services, for an undisclosed amount. Sellers will include KKR, which currently holds a 45% stake. Read more"
" Monotype (Nasdaq: TYPE) has agreed to acquire Olapic, a New York-based visual commerce platform for crowd-sourced photos and videos. The deal is valued at $149 million, including $130 million up-front. Olapic had raised around $22 million in VC funding from firms like Unilever Ventures, Fung Capital USA, Longworth Venture Partners and Felix Capital. Read more"
 ExxonMobil (NYSE: XOM) has agreed to acquire InterOil (NYSE: IOC) for $25 billion. Read more
" Komatsu (Tokyo: 6301) has agreed to acquire Joy Global (NYSE: JOY), a Milwaukee-based mining equipment maker, for $3.75 billion (including $845m of assumed debt). The $28.30 per share sale price represents a 20% premium to Joy Global’s previous closing share price. Read more"
" Pandora Media (NYSE: P) has rejected a $3.4 billion buyout offer from Liberty Media (Nasdaq: LBTY), according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. (Tokyo: 4502) is considering the sale of its majority stake in chemicals business Wako Pure Chemical Industries Ltd., according to Bloomberg. The deal could be worth more than $1 billion. Read more"
"  Goldman Sachs is preparing to begin marketing its seventh private equity fund, targeting anywhere from $5 billion to $8 billion, according to the WSJ. This would be Goldman’s first buyout fund since raising $20 billion in 2007, and also its first since the Volcker Rule restricted the amount of capital Goldman could contribute to its own vehicle. Read more"
" Ron Bloom is stepping down as a top restructuring banker with Lazard, in order to join Brookfield Asset Management. Read more"
" Andrew Géczy has agreed to join Terra Firma Capital Partners as CEO, effective in September. He previously was CEO of international and institutional investment banking at Australia & New Zealand Banking Group. He succeeds Tim Pryce, who left Terra Firma back in March. Read more"
 Gavin Manson has been named chief financial officer of UK-based Electra Private Equity. He currently serves as finance director for tour operations and hotels at Thomas Cook Group. www.electraequity.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from the home office, which I'll soon depart for my flight down to Philadelphia. Some items to kick off your Monday..."
  That’s So Mavens: Today’s big deal is that Verizon has agreed to acquire the core Internet assets of Yahoo for $4.83 billion in cash. Quick hits
"1. This has been the most logical outcome since the beginning of Yahoo’s auction process. And that’s not just hindsight. Check out our original odds, published back in February. Its cash was cheaper than that of private equity (TPG Capital was among the final bidders), its synergies made more sense than one-off buyers (e.g., Dan Gilbert, with the backing of Warren Buffett) and it already has an obvious manager in AOL's Tim Armstrong to take over for Marissa Mayer."
"2. The deal is slated to close in Q1 2016, but Yahoo said during a conference call this morning that it will not rule out the possibility of non-core asset sales in the interim."
4. Remember when bankers were leaking that this deal could be worth upwards of $8 billion?
"4. It appears that Marissa Mayer will remain with Yahoo through the end of the sale process, although: (a) That's not been explicitly said; and (b) No official word on if she'll join Verizon, although she is not expected to do so."
"5. Speaking of Mayer: I vividly remember the day she was named Yahoo CEO, because it was the opening afternoon of Fortune Brainstorm Tech and she had been expected to speak (on behalf of Google). At the time, I recalled Brainstorm attendees having lots of optimism about her tenure, given their belief that she'd supercharge Yahoo's new product portfolio, as opposed to expanding its media efforts (in the end, she mainly focused on mobilizing existing product and continuing the media focus via things like digital magazine launches)."
"Most importantly, however, I felt that she was in a no-lose situation: She was taking over a ship that everyone believed was sinking. If she turned things around, then she'd be hailed as a business genius. If she didn't... well, of course it sunk. Kind of like what I argued when Cerberus bought Chrysler."
"This is not, however, the way things played out in the court of public opinion. A lot of that is on Mayer for a management style that rubbed certain people the wrong way (she was a first-time CEO), and a lot of that is on Yahoo PR for letting her appear on the cover of any magazine that would have her (the higher the profile, the steeper the fall). And, to be sure, her ridiculously large compensation package annoyed shareholders. But, in the end, I stand by my original sentiments. This was a 3-alarm fire that Mayer failed to put out, rather than one she started."
" Speaking of Marissa: If she's not at a venture capital or private equity firm in one year from now, I'll be quite surprised"
"  Listen in: Fortune today is announcing a new weekly podcast series called Unfiltered, focusing on the personal journeys of business leaders. It will be hosted by my colleague Aaron Task, and you can subscribe for free at iTunes here or via your favorite podcasting service here"
"Today we're also releasing the first three Unfiltered podcasts, featuring Rob Manford (MLB commish), Beth Comstock (GE vice chair) and Gary Vaynerchuk (founder of VaynerMedia)."
"  Cheesesteak chat? I'll be in Philly for the rest of this week, helping to cover the Democratic National Convention for Fortune. If you're going to be in town ― or know of some interesting events (panels, parties, etc.) I should attend while in town ― please let me know.."
 Verizon (NYSE: VZ) has agreed to acquire the core Internet assets of Yahoo (Nasdaq: YHOO) for $4.83 billion in cash. Read more
" StackPath, a Texas-based cybersecurity startup, has raised $150 million in Series A funding from ABRY Partners. Read more"
" Kandou Bus SA, a Swiss developer of high-speed serial links, has raised $15 million from Bessemer Venture Partners. www.kanduco"
" Ardian has acquired a minority equity stake in Jechange.fr, a French comparison pricing platform for services like energy and telecom. No financial terms were disclosed. www.jechange.f"
" Douglas Acquisitions LLC has acquired Quantum Fuel Services, a Lake Forest, Calif.-based provider of compressed natural gas fuel systems for the auto and heavy-duty industries. No financial terms were disclosed. www.qtww.co"
" ICV Partners has acquired Universal Turbine Parts LLC, a Prattville, Ala-based seller of refurbished turboprop engine components and engines. No financial terms were disclosed. Farol Asset Management and Neuberger Berman invested alongside ICV. www.utpparts.co"
" Pretium Packaging, a Chesterfield, Mo.-based portfolio company of Genstar Capital, has acquired Custom Blow Molding, an Escondido, Calif.-based packaging and container producer for the sports nutrition and nutraceuticals market. No financial terms were disclosed. www.pretiumpkg.co"
" Professional Physical Therapy, a physical therapy provider owned by Great Point Partners, has acquired both Achieve Sports Medicine & Rehab and PRO Physical Therapy. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which gives PPT three additional New Jersey clinics. www.professionalpt.co"
" PSP Investments and Ontario Teachers have agreed to acquire Cubico Sustainable Investments Ltd., a British investment firm focused on renewable energy and water infrastructure, from Banco Santander SA. No financial terms were disclosed, except that PSP and Teachers each will have a 50% ownership stake. www.cubicoinvest.co"
" QuVa Pharma Inc., a Sugar Land, Texas-based pharma compounding company owned by Bain Capital, has agreed to acquire an FDA-approved biotech pharma facility in New Jersey for an undisclosed amount. www.quvapharma.co"
" Unified Power, a Terrell, Texas-based portfolio company of Pfingsten Partners, has acquired 24/7 Technology Inc., a Marietta, Ga.-based provider of preventative and emergency maintenance services to the power services market. No financial terms were disclosed. www.unifiedpowerusa.co"
" Wind Point Partners has acquired St. George Logistics, a Kearney, N.J.-based provider of outsourced ocean container freight station. No financial terms were disclosed. www.stgusa.co"
" Companies expected to price IPOs on U.S. exchanges this week include Talend, BioVentus, Kadmon Holdings and Kinsale Insurance. Read more"
" Quickr, an Indian online classifieds company, has acquired Hiree, an Indian online classifieds platform focused on white collar jobs, for an undisclosed amount. Quickr has raised nearly $350 million in VC funding from firms like Tiger Global, Warburg Pincus, eBay, Matrix Partners and Norwest Venture Partners. Hiree had raised over $3 million from firms like IDG Ventures. Read more"
" Teradata (NYSE: TDC) has acquired Big Data Partnership, a UK-based provider of big data solutions and training. No financial terms were disclosed. Big Data Partnership had raised around $7 million in VC funding from firms like Beringea. Read more"
" TSG Consumer Partners has agreed to sell IT Cosmetics, a Jersey City, N.J.-based cosmetics company, to L’Oreal (Paris: OR) for $1.2 billion in cash. www.itcosmetics.co"
" WorkDay (NYSE: WDAY) has agreed to acquire Platfora, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based provider of big data management software. No financial terms were disclosed, although news reports place the price-tag just shy of $200 million. Platfora had raised around $95 million in VC funding from firms like HSBC, Harmony Partners, Allegis Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, Battery Ventures, Citi Ventures, Cisco, Sutter Hill Ventures and Tenaya Capital. Read more"
" 888 Holdings (LSE: 888) and the Rank Group (LSE: RNK) are considering a joint takeover offer for William Hill (LSE: WMH), a UK-based bookmaker, for upwards of £3 billion. Read more"
" G-III Apparel Group (Nasdaq: GIII) has agreed to acquire Donna Karan International, the parent company of clothing label DKNY, from LVMH (Paris: LVMH) for $650 million. Read more"
"  CreditEase Group, a Chinese wealth management firm that also runs P2P lender Yirendai Ltd., is raising upwards of $200 million for a new global private equity fund, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
"  David Ma, a former partner with Hillhouse Capital Management, is launching a Hong Kong-based investment firm called Composite Capital Management. The new shop will invest in both public and private equity, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
 Christopher Mulshine has joined Lazard as a managing director in the firm’s private capital advisory practice. He previously was with Credit Suisse as head of capital services in the Americas. www.lazard.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from sweltering Philadelphia, where the Democratic National Convention's first day came in like a lion but out like a lamb. Some items to kick off your Tuesday:"
" Total recall: The last time I spent an evening in Philadelphia for work was in November 2011, when I was in town to moderate an M&A panel. But my memories of that trip have nothing to do with the on-stage conversation. Instead, it was what happened on the streets outside my hotel room"
"That night represented one of the last public gasps of Occupy Wall Street, whose Philadelphia encampment — which I could view from my room — was literally bulldozed away as I slept. The tents I had walked by just hours before (not to mention the trash) were all gone, and those who had erected them were nowhere in sight. City officials had had enough."
"In the intervening five years, OWS has occasionally come up in conversations with Fortune colleagues and with the businesspeople we cover. Most often it’s a punchline or, more generously, referred to as a failed economic movement. And, to be sure, its legislative and prosecutorial goals remain unrealized."
"But, to me, that’s an overly narrow view. We currently have a Republican platform that calls for breaking up the big banks. We have a slightly more nuanced Democratic platform that calls for a modernized Glass Steagall Act, and a Democratic National Convention whose first night keynote was given by OWS godmother Elizabeth Warren. Moreover, the entire Bernie Sanders movement, including its 1% vs. 99% rhetoric, is a direct descendant of OWS."
"If OWS died in Philly the last time I was here, no one told the people in Philly today. Or, for that matter, those in Cleveland last week."
" Shots fired: Alan Patricof, Apax Partners founder who now leads venture firm Greycroft Partners, was asked on CNBC this morning about Peter Thiel's speech last week at the RNC"
"Patricof, a longtime Hillary Clinton supporter, argued that Thiel doesn't speak for most VCs or the startup ecosystem, adding this kicker: ""If there was a Peter Thiel meeting, I think you could get just 10 people in Silicon Valley to come."""
" Shave split: Last week we spent a bunch of time discussing Unilever's $1 billion acquisition of Dollar Shave Club, which had raised over $160 million in venture capital funding. One item was that DSC had raised $900,000 in seed funding at a $4.5 million pre-money valuation, co-led by Forerunner Ventures and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers"
"It is worth noting, however, that Kleiner Perkins didn't actually hold onto all of those shares. The investment was led by KP investor Aileen Lee, who would soon leave to form a new firm called Cowboy Ventures. As part of her spin-out agreement, Cowboy received half of Kleiner's seed shares in DSC, and Lee tells me that her firm would go on to keep investing in DSC through its Series C round. According to Pitchbook, Kleiner Perkins did follow-ons in the Series A and Series B rounds."
" Higher ground: Last fall we discussed how Highland Capital Partners, a veteran venture firm historically based in Massachusetts, had named Silicon Valley partner Peter Bell as its sole managing partner. Moreover, there have been persistent rumors that many of the firm's remaining East Coast partners wouldn't be coming back for Fund X, as Highland would begin focusing most of its efforts on Bay Area startups"
"Last night, however, the firm informed LPs that Bell is transitioning into a senior advisor role. Moreover, Highland co-founder Paul Maeder, who stepped back in 2012, is returning in a full-time capacity as chairman and a general partner on its existing ninth fund."
"Bell, who did not respond to a request for comment, will maintain his existing portfolio board seats, and is said to be shifting his focus toward philanthropic activities (including with his alma matter of Boston College). Maeder, who still serves on the boards of seven Highland portfolio companies, will now oversee all non-investing activities."
"Highland still has partners in Silicon Valley, and the firm will continue actively investing on the West Coast, but it's hard to read this as anything but a power shift (particularly with suggestions that longtime East Coast partners Dan Nova and Bob Davis are likely to sign up for Fund X)."
"From the email sent by Highland to limited partners: ""Over the course of the past year, we have been devoting much thought to our geographic investment strategy.  We have discussed these deliberations with many of you.  After considering your feedback and analyzing the market dynamics, we have concluded that continuing as a national firm with a presence in both the Northeast and Silicon Valley provides the greatest opportunity for you, our limited partners."""
" Brunch on us: Last week I moderated a panel in Cleveland about how CEO experience does, and doesn't, translate to the White House. This morning in Philly, Fortune editor Alan Murray will moderate a similar session with former Treasury Secretary Bob Rubin, Deputy Labor Secretary Chris Lu and McKinsey & Co. senior partner Vivian Riefberg. It begins at 9:45am this morning. More info here"
" Apollo Global Management has agreed to acquire Outerwall Inc. (Nasdaq: OUTR), a Bellevue, Wash.-based provider of automated retail solutions like Redbox, for approximately $1.6 billion (including assumed debt). The $52 per share deal represents a 51% premium to Outerwall’s closing stock price on March 14 (after which the company launched a sale process). Read more"
" Scopely, a Los Angeles-based mobile entertainment network, has raised $55 million in new VC funding. Greycroft Growth Fund led the round, and was joined by Elephant Partners, Evolution Media Partners, Highland Capital, Sands Venture Capital and Take-Two Interactive. www.scopely.co"
" Transfix, a New York-based on-demand trucking service, has raised $22 million in Series B funding. NEA led the round, and was joined by return backers Canvas Ventures, Lerer Hippeau Ventures and Corigin Ventures. www.transfix.i"
" Acalvio Technologies, a developer of “deception-based” cybersecurity solutions, has raised $17 million in combined Series A and Series B funding. Accel led the Series A round (from last September) and Ignition Partners led the more recent Series B. Read more"
" Vtesse, a Gaithersburg, Md.-based drug developer focused on rate life-threatening diseases like Niemann-Pick Type C1 disease, has raised $17 million in Series A funding. Backers include Alexandria Venture Investments, Bay City Capital, Lundbeckfond Ventures, NEA and Pfizer. www.vtessepharma.co"
" Treebo Group of Hotels, an India-based chain of budget hotels, has raised around $16.6 million in Series B funding. Bertelsmann India Investments led the round, and was joined by return backers SAIF Partners and Matrix Partners India. www.biifund.co"
" SafeBreach, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based provider of continuous security validation solutions, has raised $15 million in Series A funding. Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners, Hewlett Packard Pathfinder and Maverick Ventures were joined by return backers Sequoia Capital and Shlomo Kramer. www.safebreach.co"
" Sun Basket, a San Francisco-based organic meal kit provider, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Accolade Partners led the round, and was joined by Founders Circle, Shea Ventures and return backers Vulcan Capital, PivotNorth, Relevance Capital, Filter14 and Baseline Ventures. www.sunbasket.co"
" Just Biotherapeutics Inc., a Seattle-based developer of technologies for bio-therapeutic development, has raised $14 million in Series A-2 funding. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation led the round, and was joined by return backers Merck, Lilly Asia Ventures and ARCH Venture Partners. www.justbiotherapeutics.co"
" B12, a New York-based developer of human-assisted A.I. to build and design websites, has raised $12.4 million in Series A funding. Backers include General Catalyst Partners, Breyer Capital, Founder Collective and SV Angel. Read more"
" CellMax Life Inc., a cancer blood-testing company, has raised $9 million in Series A-1 funding. Artiman Ventures led the round, and was joined by unidentified Taiwanese venture investors. www.cellmaxlife.co"
" Automile, a Sweden-based provider of IoT solution for fleet management, has raised $6.2 million in new VC funding. SaaStr Fund led the round, and was joined by return backers Dawn Capital, Point Nine Capital and individual angels like Justin Kan and Niklas Zennström. www.automile.i"
" Nomad Health, an online marketplace connecting doctors with freelance clinical work, has raised $4 million in Series A funding. First Round Capital and RRE Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by .406 Ventures. www.nomadhealth.co"
" Black Bear Energy, a Boulder, Colo.-based startup that provides services to commercial renewable energy buyers, has raised $2.5 million in Series A funding. Boulder Ventures led the round, and was joined by seed backer Rocky Mountain Institute. www.blackbearenergy.co"
" Advent International is among several private equity firms exploring a bid for the Central and Eastern European beer brands for SABMiller (LSE: SAB), according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at upwards of €7 billion. Read more"
" BioClinica Inc., a Newtown, Penn.-based pharma contract research organization, has acquired Compass Research, a provider of tech-enabled services that support clinical trials. No financial terms were disclosed. BioClinica backers include JLL Partners and Water Street Healthcare Partners. www.bioclinica.co"
" Hargett Hunter Capital Partners has acquired a majority stake in The Original ChopShop Co., a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based fast casual restaurant concept. No financial terms were disclosed. www.chopshopco.co"
" Lindsay Goldberg has agreed to acquire Schur Flexibles Group, an Austria-based maker of flexible packaging products in Europe. No financial terms were disclosed. www.lindsaygoldbergllc.co"
" Platinum Equity has completed its previously-announced acquisition of JM Swank, a North Liberty, Iowa-based food ingredient sourcing and distribution company, from ConAgra Foods Inc. (NYSE: CAG). No financial terms were disclosed. www.jmswank.co"
" At   Home   Group  Inc., a Plano, Texas-based  home  decor retailer, has set its IPO terms to 8.67 million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $893 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol  HOME , with BofA Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs serving as lead underwriters. At Home Group is controlled by AEA Investors, which purchased a 60% equity stake in 2011 for approximately $720 million."
" Daimler AG has agreed to acquire a 60% stake in London-based taxi-hailing company Hailo, and will merge Hailo’s rebranded operations with existing Daimler subsidiary MyTaxi. No financial terms were disclosed. Hailo had raised over $100 million in VC funding from firms like Union Square Ventures, Forward Partners, Morningside Group, Atomico, Wellington Management, Vectr Ventures, KDDI Ventures, Occam Partners and Red Swan Ventures. Read more"
" E*Trade Financial Corp. (Nasdaq: ETFC) has agreed to acquire OptionsHouse, a Chicago-based derivatives trading firm, for $725 million. Sellers include General Atlantic. Read more"
" Smith & Wesson Holding Corp. (Nasdaq: SWHC) has agreed to acquire Crimson Trace Corp., a Wilsonville, Ore.-based provider of laser sighting systems and tactical lighting for firearms, for $95 million in cash. Selling shareholders include Peninsula Capital Partners and VergePointe Capital. www.crimsontrace.co"
" VMG Partners has sold Babyganics, a Hicksville, N.Y.-based brand of personal care and household products for families with children, to S.C. Johnson. No financial terms were disclosed. www.babyganics.co"
"Anheuser-Busch InBev (NYSE: BUD) has sweetened its takeover offer for SABMiller (LSE: SAB) from £44 per share to £45 per share, to account for a fall in the value of British sterling. Read more"
" EverBank Financial Corp. (NYSE: EVER) has hired UBS to explore strategic options after receiving takeover interest from an unidentified suitor, according to Bloomberg. The Jacksonville, Fla.-based bank has a market cap just south of $2 billion. Read more"
" Robin Li, CEO of Baidu.com (Nasdaq: BIDU), has dropped his proposed $2.3 billion carve-out of his company’s video streaming group, which has been opposed by certain company investors. Read more"
" Myntra, a fashion portal owned by Indian e-commerce platform Flipkart, has acquired Indian e-commerce site Jabong from Rocket Internet for $70 million. Read more"
" The Abraaj Group has closed its first dedicated Turkey Fund with $486 million in capital commitments, plus another $40 million for co-investment efforts. www.abraaj.co"
  Hamilton Lane Advisors has closed its ninth private equity fund-of-funds with $516 million in capital commitments. www.hamiltonlane.co
"  Volition Capital, a Boston-based growth equity firm, has closed its third fund with $250 million in capital commitments. www.volitioncapital.co"
 Cressey & Co. has promoted Dave Rogero to partner. He has been with the healthcare-focused private equity firm since 2008. www.cresseyco.co
" Susan Hobbs has joined CrunchFund as a partner. He previously was director of programming and events with Y Combinator and, before that, led programming for TechCrunch. Read more"
" Jim Ratigan, who recently stepped down as head of Americas M&A at Deutsche Bank, has agreed to join Leerink Partners. Read more"
" Richard Scarinci has stepped down as a managing director in The Blackstone Group’s hedge fund unit, in order to join Partners Capital, which manages around $6 billion in institutional assets. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some assorted notes to kick off your Wednesday:
" Longer-term thinking: Elevate, a Texas-based online lender focused on non-prime customers, yesterday announced that it had raised its credit facility with Victory Park Capital by $100 million, bringing the total to $545 million"
"You might recall that I wrote about Elevate back in January, when it seemed poised to become the first tech IPO of 2016. But then came the overall IPO market malaise, followed several months later by the Lending Club mess and layoffs at quasi-rivals like Prosper and Avant."
"The company's IPO docs remain in registration, but CEO Ken Rees said the following to me while at Fortune Brainstorm Tech: ""We were supposed to be the first tech IPO of 2016, but now we're planning to be the first tech IPO of 2017."""
" New twist: Former Sequoia Capital partner Michael Goguen is back in the news, but not for his role as a defendant in a breach of contract lawsuit brought by former girlfriend Amber Baptiste, that was much more notable for its multiple claims of sexual abuse. Nor even for his extortion countersuit against Baptiste, whose attorney has since withdrawn from the case"
"Instead, Goguen has filed suit against Missouri businessman John Brunner, who is one of four candidates in net Tuesday's Republican gubernatorial primary in the state."
"Goguen is a big supporter of Brunner rival Eric Greitens, having donated $1 million to the Greitens campaign before the Baptiste lawsuit emerged. Not surprisingly, all three of Greitens' rivals have called on the candidate to return Goguen's donation (he hasn't), but Brunner went a giant step further, saying in a debate: ""I refuse to be lectured by a guy who took $1 million from the owner of a teenage sex slave.”"
"But no matter if Goguen or Baptiste is telling the truth in their own legal dispute, there is no question that Baptiste was in her early 20's when she first met Goguen. The venture capitalist also takes issue with the ""sex slave"" characterization ― words that weren't used in Baptiste's actual lawsuit ― although that's much fuzzier as her complaint effectively paints herself as such."
Goguen recently asked the Brunner campaign for a retraction but did not receive a response. So now he's suing for defamation in Missouri's St. Charles County.
"The Brunner campaign declined to discuss the situation via phone, instead emailing a political statement that did not at all address the substance of Goguen's accusation."
" Venture quants: Today's most interesting VC deal isn't really a VC deal at all. Instead, Point72 Ventures ― the fintech-focused venture firm led by hedge fund manager Steve Cohen ― has agreed to let VC-backed algorithmic trading platform Quantopian manage up to $250 million of Cohen's capital (a portion of which is contingent on Quantopian hitting certain performance metrics). Point72 also will make an investment, joining existing backers like Bessemer Venture Partners, Khosla Ventures and Spark Capital. CNBC's Kate Kelly has a deeper dive"
" Coming attractions: There are many more big business folks in Philly this week than there were in Cleveland, but they have not had a stage presence inside the Wells Fargo Center. In fact, the only major CEO/entrepreneur speech comes tonight, from Michael Bloomberg"
" Inside baseball: Last week I lauded Cleveland for being a phenomenal host for the Republican National Convention. And while I have historical love for Philadelphia, having gone to college just outside the city limits, this place has been a logistical nightmare. For example, I'm publishing early this morning so that I can attend a Politico event at 11am. That's right, I'm giving myself 90 minutes to get there, and my hotel is just 17 miles away"
"Now I'm not asking any of you to care about my personal inconveniences, nor those of other attendees. But having now been through two sets of political conventions, 2016 and 2012, I feel confident in saying that the RNC is better than the DNC at organizing such gatherings from a logistical standpoint. For example, the Charlotte fire marshal had to bar the DNC doors one night last time around because the Democratic Party had ticketed too many people for the arena, leaving hundreds standing outside in the heat (including some notable private equity pros)."
"To be sure, this lack of organization doesn't extend to the stage, where the DNC is more consistently on message (remember Clint Eastwood?) and has better production values. But I figured it's worth sharing that the competence being viewed by 99.9% of voters via the TV is not on display to the small number of us here in Philly."
" LeEco, a Chinese video streaming company whose backers include China Bridge Capital and Legend Holdings, has agreed to acquire Irvine, Calif.-based TV maker Vizio for $2 billion. Read more"
" Upthere, a ""no middleman"" cloud storage and organization platform founded by Apple vets, has raised $77 million in VC funding. Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Western Digital co-led the round, and were joined by Elevation Partners, Floodgate, GV and NTT Docomo Ventures Read more"
" EverFi, a Washington, D.C.-based online education platform, has raised $40 million in Series C funding. Backers include NEA, Rethink Education, Jeff Bezos and Eric Schmidt. Read more"
" True Fit, a London-based footwear and apparel’s discovery platform, has raised $25 million in Series B funding from Jump Capital, Signal Peak Ventures and Intel Capital. www.truefitco"
" Atonarp Inc., a Tokyo-based developer of spectroscopic instruments, has raised $16 million in new VC funding. Innovative Network Corp. of Japan (INCJ) led the round, and was joined by Walden-Riverwood Ventures and Innovative Venture Fund Investment. www.atonarp.co"
" FogHorn Systems, a Mountain View, Calif.-based developer of “edge intelligence” software for industrial and commercial IoT applications, has raised $12 million in Series A funding. March Capital and GE Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by Robert Bosch Venture Capital GmbH, Yokogawa Electric Corporation and Darling Ventures. www.foghorn-systems.co"
" Zeek, an Israel-based operator of an online marketplace for buying and selling unwanted store giftcards, has raised $9.5 million in Series B funding. Scale-Up Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Blumberg Capital, Qualcomm Ventures, FJ Labs, Emergy Capital, Ton Ventures, Radiant Venture Capital, I Angels and Target Global. Read more"
" Big Health, a London-based developer of digital sleep improvement programs, has raised £9.15 million in new VC funding. Octopus Ventures and Kaiser Permanente Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by return backers like Index Ventures. www.bighealth.co"
" Mezi, a San Francisco-based chatbot shopping app, has raised $9 million in Series A funding. Nexus Venture Partners was joined by Saama Capital and American Express Ventures. www.mezi.co"
" Codeship, a Boston-based provider of hosted continuous integration solutions for software build and test automation, has raised $7 million in Series A funding led by Ascent Venture Partners. www.codeship.co"
" Prospera, a Tel Aviv-based machine learning startup focused on agricultural solutions, has raised $7 million in Series A funding led by Bessemer Venture Partners. www.prospera.a"
" Influential, a Beverly Hills, Calif.-based influencer marketing platform, has raised $5 million in Series A funding led by Australia’s Capital Zed. www.influential.c"
" Reflect, a Portland, Ore.-based data visualization platform for developers, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding. DFJ led the round, and was joined by Liquid 2 Ventures, Founders Co-Op, Techstars and Stanford University. www.reflect.i"
" Bolstra, a Carmel, Ind.-based B2B SaaS company focused on customer success management, has raised $1.5 million in new VC funding from Elevate Ventures and individual angels. www.bolstra.co"
" Intellirod Spine, an Akron, Ohio-based developer of disposable and implantable wireless RFID sensor technology for monitoring spinal rod strains, has raised over $1 million in VC funding from Queen City Angel Fist Fund and JumpStart. www.intellirodspine.co"
" DataTribe, a Fulton, Md.-based startup studio focused on technologies forged by US. government R&D projects, has signed a strategic partnership with Silicon Valley venture firm Allegis Capital. www.datatribe.co"
" Firmex, a Canadian provider of virtual data rooms and platform for secure document sharing, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Novacap. www.firmex.co"
" Audax Private Equity has acquired RelaDyne Inc., a Cincinnati-based lubricant and fuel distributor, from AEA Investors. No financial terms were disclosed. www.reladyne.co"
" Belcan LLC, a Cincinnati-based portfolio company of AE Industrial Partners, has acquired Intercom Consulting & Federal Systems, a Lansdowne, Va.-based provider of enterprise-level IT solutions for the U.S. federal government. No financial terms were disclosed www.belcancorporation.co"
" Columbia Asia, a Seattle-based operator of 27 hospitals and one clinic in India, Malaysia, Vietnam and Indonesia, has raised $101 million in funding from Mitsui & Co. www.colpacmanagement.co"
" Hylan Datacom & Electrical, a Holmdel, N.J.-based provider of communications and Internet infrastructure solutions, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Flexis Capital and TZP Group. www.hylangroup.co"
" Tidemark, a Redwood City, Calif.-based provider of enterprise performance management software, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Marlin Equity Partners. www.tidemark.ne"
" First Hawaiian Inc., a Honolulu-based bank with $16.1 billion in deposits, has set its IPO terms to 21.1 million shares being offered at between $21 and $23 per share. It plans to trade on the Nasdsaq under ticker symbol FHB, with Goldman Sachs listed as left lead underwriter. www.fhb.co"
" Kadmon Holdings, a New York-based developer of kinase inhibitors for autoimmune disease, fibrosis and solid tumors, raised $75 million in its IPO. The company priced 6.3 million shares at $12 per share, compared to earlier plans to offer 5.6 million shares at between $16 and $20 per share. It will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol KDMN, with Citigroup and Jefferies serving as lead underwriters. Kadmon reports around a $33 million net loss on $10 million in revenue for Q1 2016. www.kadmon.co"
" Nordic Capital has hired Goldman Sachs to find a buyer for Muntrers, a Swedish air treatment company that could be valued at around €1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" PSA Group, the automaker whose brands include Peugeot, has acquired a majority stake in Autobutler, a European auto-repair marketplace. No financial terms were disclosed. Selling shareholders reportedly include Creandum and Index Ventures. Read more"
 Analog Devices (Nasdaq: ADI) has agreed to acquire Linear Technology (Nasdaq: LLTC) for approximately $14.8 billion. The $60 per share deal represents a 24% premium to Linear’s closing stock price on Monday. Read more
"LogMeIn (Nasdaq: LOGM) has agreed to acquire videoconferencing service GoToMeeting from Citrix Systems (Nasdaq: CTXS), via a Reverse Morris Trust transaction. Read more"
" Peak Ventures, a Provo, Utah-based VC firm, is raising its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.peakventures.v"
" John Brooks has joined TVM Capital Healthcare Partners as a senior advisor. He most recently was president and CEO of the Joslin Diabetes Center in Boston and, before that, was a partner with Prism Venture Partners. www.tvm-capital.a"
" J.F. Lehman & Co. has promoted Glenn Shor to managing director. He had joined the aerospace, defense and maritime-focused private equity firm in 2010. The firm also promoted David Thomas to vice president and Ben Hatcher to senior associate. www.jflco.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Last week we reported that, if elected, Donald Trump plans to nominate fundraising chief, and former Goldman Sachs banker, Steve Mnuchin for Treasury Secretary."
"Hillary Clinton does not seem to have been quite so definitive, even behind closed doors, but multiple sources tell me that it is highly unlikely she will choose anyone with a Wall Street pedigree. This apparently would even include campaign CFO and prior CFTC chair Gary Gensler, a current Wall Street antagonist whose resume does include a long-ago stint at Goldman Sachs."
"Moreover, she is intrigued by the possibility of naming the first-ever woman to the post."
"So who does that give us? The smart money is on Lael Brainard, a current Federal Reserve governor who served as Treasury undersecretary from 2010-2013. She also was Bill Clinton's deputy national economic adviser and spent time teaching applied economics at MIT."
"Not a slam dunk, but the current front-runner."
" Billionaire v. Billionaire: The DNC's counter last night to Peter Thiel was Michael Bloomberg, even though more Americans know Bloomberg as New York's former mayor than as a successful technology entrepreneur. Like several other Day 3 speakers, he sought to undermine Donald Trump's business reputation"
"“Most of us who have created a business know that we’re only as good as the way our employees, clients and partners view us,” Bloomberg said. “Most of us don’t pretend we’re smart enough to make every big decision by ourselves. And most of us who have our names on the door know that we are only as good as our word, but not Donald Trump.”"
You can watch his full remarks by going here.
" Coller churn: Seems I missed this one, but Sebastien Burdel recently become the latest senior departure from secondaries firm Coller Capital. The longtime London-based partner follows investment partner Luca Salvato, fundraising partner Ashley Johansen and CEO Tim Jones out the door. More importantly, all of this has happened after Coller closed its seventh fund at $7.15 billion in January"
" Advance warning: Tomorrow will be my last Term Sheet for a little while, as I'll be taking a couple of weeks off. But you'll be in good hands with Erin Griffith, who can be emailed at erin.griffith@fortune.com and followed on Twitter @eringriffith"
" Oracle (NYSE: ORCL) has agreed to acquire enterprise cloud software company NetSuite (NYSE: N) in which Oracle co-founder and executive chairman already holds nearly a 40% stake. The deal is valued at approximately $9.3 billion in cash, or $109 per share. That's a premium of nearly 16% to yesterday's closing price, which itself had spiked around 9% on rumors of some sort of transaction. Read more"
" Vena Solutions, a Toronto-based provider of cloud-based corporate performance management software, has raised around C$30 million in growth equity funding from Centana Growth Partners. www.venasolutions.co"
" Good Eggs, a San Francisco-based online organic grocery, has raised $15 million in new VC funding led by Index Ventures. Read more"
" Peek, a San Francisco-based startup that lets people book tours and activities, has raised $10 million in new VC funding from individual investors. Backers include Trulia founder Pete Flint, TPG co-CEO David Bonderman, former Kleiner Perkins partner Ray Lane and Gigi Pritzker. Existing investors include Eric Schmidt and Jack Dorsey. The company also announced a partnership with Yelp. Read more"
" Phosphorus, a New York-based computational genomics company, has raised $10 million in Series A funding led by FirstMark Capital. Read more"
" Scout RFP, a San Francisco-based provider of cloud-based scouting solutions, has raised $9 million in Series A funding led by NEA. www.scoutrfp.co"
" RedWave Energy, a Chicago-based “energy harvesting” startup, has raised $5.5 million in new VC funding. Energy Foundry led the round, and was joined by Northwater Capital, Prime Coalition and a Kuwaiti sovereign wealth fund. www.redwaveenergy.co"
" Poq, a London-based app commerce startup, has raised $4 million in Series A funding. Beringea led the round, and was joined by seed backers Seedcamp and Venrex. www.poqcommerce.co"
" Advent International and CVC Capital Partners each have offered to acquire InVentive Group Holdings, a Burlington, Mass.-based pharma research firm currently owned by Thomas H. Lee Partners, according to Reuters. The deal reportedly could be valued at around $4 billion (including debt). Read more"
" CVC Capital Partners is among the bidders for Allegro, a Polish auction site currently owned by South Africa’s Naspers, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at between €2 and €3 billion, and also has received takeovers offers from Alibaba (NYSE: BABA) and eBay (Nasdaq: EBAY). Read more"
" Infinite RF Holdings Inc., an Irvine, Calif.-based portfolio company of Genstar Capital, has acquired L-Com Global Connectivity, a North Andover, Mass.-based supplier of wired and wireless connectivity products, from Odyssey Investment Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.infiniterf.co"
" MSouth Equity Partners has acquired Southern Air & Heat, a Boca Raton, Fla.-based provider of HVAC installation services to homebuilders, from Pulte Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.msouthequity.co"
" Mid Europa Partners has hired J.P. Morgan to find a buyer for Polish convenience store chain Zabka, which could be valued at around €1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
 Partners Group has agreed to invest over $200 million for a minority stake in a Taiwanese solar power development platform being managed by Sinogreenergy. Cathay Financial also is acquiring a minority stake. www.partnersgroup.co
" Kinsale Capital Group, a Richmond, Va.-based specialty insurer focused on the excess and surplus lines market, raised $106 million in its IPO. The company priced 6.6 million shares at $16 per share (high end of $14-$16 range). It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol KNSL, while J.P. Morgan and William Blair served as lead underwriters. Kinsale reports $5.3 million of net income on around $33 million in revenue for Q1 2016. Shareholders include Moelis Capital Partners. www.kinsaleinsurance.co"
" KKR has agreed to sell Glad Pharma, an Indian maker of injectibles, to Fosun Pharmaceutical Group Co. for around $1.4 billion. Read more"
" SoundCloud, a Germany-based music streaming site, is considering strategic options that could include a sale of the business, according to Bloomberg. Soundcloud recently raised $70 million from the investment arm of Twitter. Other shareholders include Doughty Hanson, Eniac Ventures, GGV Capital, Kleiner Perkins, IVP and Union Square Ventures. Read more"
" Informa (LSE: INF) has acquired Light Reading, a New York-based media business focused on the telecom industry. No financial terms were disclosed. www.informa.co"
" Laboratory Corp of America (NYSE: LH) has agreed to acquire Sequenom Inc. (Nasdaq: SQNM), a San Diego-based maker of non-invasive prenatal health, for around $371 million (including assumed debt). Read more"
" Taikang Life Insurance, a Chinese insurance company, has acquired a 13.5% stake in auction house Sotheby’s (NYSE: BID). Read more"
" Peak Ventures, a Provo, Utah-based VC firm, is raising its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.peakventures.v"
" The Carlyle Group has named Alan Holt, a managing director and co-head of U.S. buyouts, has been named to a new position as chairman of U.S. buyouts. He will be succeeded as co-head of U.S. buyouts by Sandra Horbach, formerly head of the firm’s consumer and retail team, alongside existing co-head Peter Clare. www.carlyle.co"
 Jake Donovan has left J.P. Morgan to join boutique investment bank LionTree Advisors as president of European operations. Read more
" Abel Osorio and Maurice Murphy have joined Turnspire Capital Partners as a principal and operating partner, respectively. Osorio previously co-founded Montserrat Capital Management and, before that, was a VP with Battery Ventures. Murphy is chairman of Avkem International and founded MWM Global Partners. www.turnspirecap.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The Philadelphia sky is gray, the political conventions are finally over and I'm just hours away from two weeks of R&R. In other words, it's time for some Friday Feedback:"
First up are replies to my recent column on VC investment in smart-gun technologies.
"Ann: ""Well done! We are all complicit, one way or another, unless we work against the status quo."""
"Nick: ""I suspect a successful approach to this would need to be two-pronged: policy lobbying and selling directly to gun manufacturers, convincing them to embed the technology. This two pronged approach was necessary and common in the cleantech space, but basically unheard of today. Insofar as VC has a charter from society to incubate the technologies that make our lives better, they ought to bring this to market.  There's a business to be built here. It's just not as easy as selling SaaS."""
"Frank: ""I suspect that the fact that there is a very cheap, low-tech way to secure any gun (trgger locks) reduces the potential pay off for one of these more sophisticated solutions. Were there ever to be legislation that compelled people to secure their guns, there would be a rush to buy these cheap/simple alternatives, thereby capping any potential VC type pay off."""
"Daniela: “I believe the problem is that several LPs require GPs not to invest in certain sectors delineated by their ESG guidelines. As you mentioned, smart guns would in fact do a favor to society to prevent the misuse of guns by someone else that was not the intended user. But it does not prevent killing innocent people, mass shootings and terrorism acts. And is hard for GPs/LPs to set a line where investing in guns is 'good' or 'bad.' I disagree to compare it to investing in Airbnb and pharma, as the fundamental reason for not investing in guns is not the fact that is legal or not, but the social impact it may have."""
"Jim: “With all due respect, nobody cares about your social or political views (e.g. on gun violence). To believe otherwise would be very arrogant. I subscribe to your newsletter to hear about the latest news in the PE and VC community. Please stick to that.”"
"Jonathan Mossberg: ""My company is the pioneer of this, having built fully functioning smart-guns 16 years ago. We spent over $5 million in personal funds developing our shotgun and now we need to raise money to build a handgun - but we are having a tough time finding backers. I feel very frustrated that I could have built a handgun years ago that would have absolutely prevented the [recent] takeaway shooting in Michigan."""
" Jim on the Dollar Shave Club deal: ""Is a great commercial worth $1 billion? It has to be. Because I don't think slapping a subscription model or 'club' onto any mass market item can be worth anything more than the NPV of what you can sell before everyone figures it out."
" Ken on Peter Thiel's RNC speech: ""It might have been nice to note that Thiel didn’t purport to speak for most VCs or the startup ecosystem—he was just speaking for himself."" Fair point Ken, although I never said Thiel purported to speak for others. But the Trump campaign was most certainly trying to present him as a proxy"
" Publishing note: This is my last Term Sheet for the next two weeks, as I'm taking my annual summer hibernation. But you'll be in great hands with Erin Griffith. Please be sure to follow her on Twitter @eringriffith and email her news and views at erin.griffith@fortune.com"
"Have a great weekend, and we'll chat again soon..."
" VytronUS, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based developer of medical devices for the treatment of cardiac arrhythmias, has raised $49 million in Series C funding. Backers include Apple Tree Partners, NEA, BioStar Ventures and Windham Venture Partners. www.vytronus.co"
" Reltio, a Redwood Shores, Calif.-based data management platform-as-a-service company, has raised $22 million in Series B funding. NEA led the round, and was joined by return backers Crosslink Capital and .406 Ventures. www.reltio.co"
" Wonder Workshop Inc., a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based maker of robots that teach kids computer science and coding fundamentals, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. WI Harper Group and Idea Bulb Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by Learn Capital, Charles River Ventures, Madrona Venture Group and TCL. www.makewonder.co"
" Paidy, a provider of purchase settlement technology for Japan, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Eight Roads (Fidelity) and SBI co-led the round, and were joined by Itochu Corp. and return backers Arbor Ventures and SIG Asia. Read more"
"nVision Medical Corp., a Mountain View, Calif.-based provider of medical devices for treatment of female infertility caused by fallopian tube dysfunction, has raised $12 million in Series B funding. Arboretum Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backer Catalyst Health Ventures. www.nvisionmedical.com"
" BP3 Global Inc., an Austin, Texas-based provider of business process and decision management software and services, has raised $10 million in growth equity funding from Petra Capital Partners. www.bp-3.co"
" LeadGenius, a Berkley, Calif.-based account-based marketing platform, has raised $10 million in Series B funding. Lumia Capital led the round, and was joined by Javelin Venture Partners and return backers Sierra Ventures, Better Ventures, Bee Partners, YC Continuity Fund, Kapor Capital, Initialized Capital, Fuel Capital, Scrum Ventures and FundersClub. www.leadgenius.co"
" Cloudvirga, an Irvine, Calif.-based developer of a cloud software platform for streamlining the mortgage process, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Dallas Capital led the round, and was joined by Upfront Ventures and Tribeca Angels. www.cloudvirga.co"
" Roomi, a New York-based roommate finder app, has raised $4 million in seed funding led by DCM. Read more"
" Cronycle, a UK-based collaborative research platform, has raised $2.6 million in Series A funding from Andurance Ventures. www.cronycle.co"
" Mozio, a San Francisco-based ground transportation app for travelers, has raised an undisclosed amount of strategic funding from JetBlue Technology Ventures. www.mozio.co"
" Accel-KKR has completed its previously-announced acquisition of SciQuest  Inc. (Nasdaq: SQI), a Morrisville, N.C.-based provider of spend management solutions, for around $509 million, or $17.75 per share (34% premium over Friday's closing price). www.sciquest.co"
" BC Partners and Public Sector Pension Investment Board have agreed to acquire a majority stake in Keter Plastic, an Israeli maker of outdoor furniture. No financial terms were disclosed, but earlier media reports suggested a sale price of around $1.6 billion. www.keter.co"
" Claire’s Stores, a fashion jewelry retailer owned by Apollo Global Management, is preparing to speak with creditors to restructure its $2.4 billion in debt, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Platte River Equity has acquired CTS Engines, a Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based provider of MRO services for aircraft engine platforms, from Palm Beach Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ctsengines.co"
" Talend  SA,  a French provider of big data integration software, raised $95 million in its IPO. The company priced 5.3 million shares at $18 per share (above $15-$17 offering range). It will  trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TLND, while Goldman Sachs served as lead underwriter. Talend reports a $5.3 million net loss on $22.8 million in revenue for Q1 2016, compared to a $5.9 million net loss on $17 million in revenue for the year-earlier period.  It had  raised around $125 million in VC funding from firms like Silver Lake Sumeru (25.4% pre-IPO stake), Idinvest Partners (20.1%), Balderton Capital (20%), Galileo Partners (8.2%) and Bpifrance (6.9%). Read more"
" NXT-ID Inc. (Nasdaq: NXTD) has acquired LogicMark LLC, a Louisville, Ky.-based provider of personal emergency response devices, from Generation3 Capital and Promus Equity Partners and $20.9 million. www.logicmark.co"
" Serent Capital has agreed to sell Commissions Inc., a Marietta, Ga.-based residential real estate software platform, to Fidelity National Financial (NYSE: FNF). No financial terms were disclosed. www.fnf.co"
" Thoma Bravo is exploring a sale of Deltek, a Herndon, Va.-based provider of software to government contractors, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at upwards of $3 billion. Read more"
" Angelo American (LSE: AAL) has declined takeover approaches from Indian mining magnate Anil Agarwal, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Derma Sciences (Nasdaq: DSCI) has agreed to acquire BioD LLC, a Memphis, Tenn.-based developer of regenerative medicine products derived from placental/birth tissue, for upwards of $99.1 million (including a $21.3m upfront payment). www.biodlogics.co"
" MUFG Investor Services has agreed to acquire the Rydex Fund Services, a 1940-Act mutual fund administration business, from Guggenheim Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.mufg-investorservices.co"
" Peak Ventures, a Provo, Utah-based VC firm, is raising its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.peakventures.v"
" The Carlyle Group has named Alan Holt, a managing director and co-head of U.S. buyouts, has been named to a new position as chairman of U.S. buyouts. He will be succeeded as co-head of U.S. buyouts by Sandra Horbach, formerly head of the firm’s consumer and retail team, alongside existing co-head Peter Clare. www.carlyle.co"
 Jake Donovan has left J.P. Morgan to join boutique investment bank LionTree Advisors as president of European operations. Read more
" Abel Osorio and Maurice Murphy have joined Turnspire Capital Partners as a principal and operating partner, respectively. Osorio previously co-founded Montserrat Capital Management and, before that, was a VP with Battery Ventures. Murphy is chairman of Avkem International and founded MWM Global Partners. www.turnspirecap.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
This is Erin Griffith filling in for Dan while he’s on vacation. Send deal news and tips here. Feedback is welcome on Twitter.
The big news today is Uber China’s $35 billion deal with local rival Didi Chuxing. A couple of quick notes:
"In a blog post, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick did not admit the obvious: After burning through $1 billion a year for the last two years, Uber failed in China. He spun it as “building both Amazon and Alibaba at the same time.” But we all know the truth."
Fortune’s Scott Cendrowski’s argues that buying Didi was Uber’s only way out of the market.
"Meanwhile Dan, who is on vacation but cannot be kept away from a big story, noted on Twitter that this is one hell of a consolation prize for losing in China. He argued it could end up looking like Alibaba did for Yahoo. (To be clear: Yahoo invested far less into Alibaba at a smaller valuation. And for Uber’s sake, let’s hope the company doesn’t follow in Yahoo’s footsteps.)"
" Whither Anti-Uber Alliance?  There are some strange bedfellows in the ridesharing category, and this deal further complicates things. Remember when Apple invested in Didi a few months back? Now, through Didi, Apple owns a piece of Uber. Remember who else owns a piece of Uber? Apple’s #1 rival, Google. Oh, and all three of them are working on their own self-driving cars. Meanwhile, the deal means Didi is the only company with common investment from Tencent, Alibaba and Baidu"
"But the most awkward relationship here has to be the one between Didi and Lyft. In September of last year, Didi announced a partnership with Lyft. Didi invested $100 million into Lyft as part of the deal. A few months later, they formed the global “Anti-Uber Alliance” alongside Ola (the Uber of India) and Grab (the Uber of SouthEast Asia). The plan was to share technology, local market knowledge, and business resources."
"I haven’t yet heard back from Lyft on whether that alliance will continue in light of today’s news. If anything, Uber-Didi creates an incentive for Uber to ensure Lyft survives as a viable competitor. The existence of a sizable #2 player keeps Uber safe from antitrust scrutiny."
"Unicorn M&A: A few weeks ago, when SoftBank announced its deal for ARM Holdings, I noted that 2016 was the year of big crazy tech deals, but none for the big unicorns, which are too expensive for most buyers. (Dollar Shave Club was not a unicorn before its acquisition.) Deals like SoftBank-ARM, Microsoft-LinkedIn, Verizon-Yahoo, even Oracle-Netsuite and Tesla-SolarCity, are keeping investment bankers busy. But they have to make unicorn investors nervous. Save some cash for our portfolio companies!"
"Despite all the high profile mega-mergers, deal volume for tech M&A is down 19% this year. Only two billion-dollar startups have sold so far, according to CB Insights: Lazada and Jasper."
"The Uber-Didi news, while extremely unique to the region, might also be a sign of things to come. If bloated, over-funded, overvalued startups are too expensive to sell and too unprofitable to go public, why not use that expensive stock to merge with one another?"
"It’s significant that Kalanick, the most competitive, hard-charging, winner-take-all startup CEO, has conceded a loss. That concession may inspire other startup CEOs hoping to follow in Uber’s footsteps and be more pragmatic about their own businesses."
"I predict after the inevitable shakeout of meal kit and food delivery startups, we’ll see the biggest ones merge. Competition is one reason for startup mergers. Regulatory hurdles, like the one Uber faced in China, or the one behind the rumored merger of FanDuel and DraftKings, is another."
" Didi Chuxing will merge with the Chinese subsidiary of Uber in a deal valued at $35 billion. Uber will receive 5.89% of the combined company with preferred equity interest equal to a 17.7% stake in Didi Chuxing. Baidu and other Chinese shareholders will receive a 2.3% stake in Didi and Didi gets a minority stake in Uber. Cheng Wei, founder and chairman of Didi Chuxing, will join the board of Uber. Travis Kalanick, founder of Uber, will join the board of Didi Chuxing. Read more"
"atific, an Israel-based developer of educational games for children, has raised $45 million from existing investor Leon Kamenev. www.matific.com/us/en-us"
"hishMe, a Virginia-based cybersecurity startup, has raised a $42.5 million Series C round of venture funding led by existing investor Paladin Capital Group, with participation from Bessemer Venture Partners. phishme.com"
"lacklane, a German rideshareing app, has raised a Series C round of funding of an undisclosed size from existing investor Daimler AG. Read more"
"ealthkart.com, a Gurgaon, India-based health product e-commerce site, has raised a $12 million Series E round of funding from existing investors Sequoia Capital India, Omidyar Network and Kae Capital. www.healthkart.com"
"acketSled, a San Diego-based cybersecurity startup, has raised $5 million in Series A funding led by Keshif Ventures with participation from Blu Ventures and JHS Ventures. packetsled.com"
"he Outline, a digital media startup founded by Josh Topolsky, has raised $5 million from RRE Ventures, Advancit Capital, Boat Rocker Ventures and Nextview Ventures. www.theoutline.com/index.htm"
"KR, Apollo, and Carlyle Group are contemplating a potential $40 billion buyout of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, according to The Information. Read more"
"A consortium of Chinese investors has agreed to acquire Playtika, a social and mobile gaming company based in Herzliya, Israel, from Caesars Interactive Entertainment for $4.4 billion. The consortium includes China Minsheng Trust Co., CDH China HF Holdings Company Hony Capital Fund, and Yunfeng Capital, Jack Ma’s private equity fund. Read more"
"dvent International has agreed to acquire inVentiv Group Holdings, a pharmaceutical research firm based in Burlington, Mass., alongside existing investor Thomas H. Lee Partners. The deal values the company at $3.8 billion, ending speculation that the company would go public. inventivhealth.co"
"he Carlyle Group (Nasdaq: CG) has agreed to acquire WellDyneRx, Inc., a privately-held U.S.-based pharmacy benefit manager based in Englewood, Colo. Terms were not disclosed. www.welldynerx.com"
"dvent International Corp, KKR & Co, Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, TPG Capital, Onex Corp and Thomas H. Lee Partners are planning to make bids for the Save-A-Lot business of supermarket chain Supervalu, according to Reuters. The deal could be worth as much as $1.8 billion. Read more"
"evolution Group, a Chicago-based provider of beverage products backed by Highlander Partners, has acquired Dr. Smoothie Brands, a provider of beverage concentrates. Terms were not disclosed. drsmoothiebrands.co"
"mergency Communications Network (ECN), a, Ormond Beach, Fla.-based provider of software for communications, has acquired MIR3, a provider of communications to business and government clients.  ECN is owned by Veritas Capital. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed. ecnetwork.com"
No IPO news today. 
"lackstone Group, TPG Capital, Carlyle Group and Permira Advisers have sold their ownership of NXP Semiconductors, which they owned through the sale of Freescale for $17.6 billion. The firms sold Freescale to NXP in 2015. www.nxp.com"
"extEra Energy (NYSE: NEXWU), a Juno Beach, Fla.-based power company, will buy Energy Future Holdings and its controlling stake in Dallas-based power producer Oncor, in an $18.4 billion deal. www.energyfutureholdings.co"
"esla Motors (NASDAQ: TSLA), a Palo Alto-based electric car company, has made a formal offer to acquire San Mateo-based solar energy company SolarCity (NASDAQ: SCTY) for $2.6 billion. Tesla CEO Elon Musk is chairman and a major shareholder of SolarCity. The deal represents a 3.4% premium to SolarCity’s closing share price on Friday. SolarCity’s shares have risen around 26% since the deal was announced in June. Read more"
"he Marketing Group, a UK-based marketing firm, is buying Augustus Group and its subsidiary Imagine Group, a reality TV production company based in Asia, for €43.2 million Euros, or $48.3 million. www.hongkong-companies-index.co"
"asserman, a Los Angeles-based sports agency, is acquiring Mondial Promotion, a Paris-based soccer agency, for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
"uturity First Financial Corporation, a Hartford, Conn.-based insurance distribution company, has acquired M3 Financial, a New York City-based annuity IMO. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. www.m3financial.ny"
"hronos Solutions, a real estate financial services provider based in Coppell, Texas, has acquired UPF Services, a Spokane Valley, Wash.-based provider of technology for real estate and mortgage industries, for an undisclosed amount. upfservices.co"
"erizon Communications (NYSE, NASDAQ: VZ) has agreed to acquite Fleetmatics (NYSE: FLTX), a Dublin-based provider of technology for mobile workforces, for $2.4 billion. www.fleetmatics.com"
"eads, a France-based video advertising platform, has raised $47 million in debt from BNPP, Bank of China, HSBC, Banque Palatine, and BPI. teads.tv/en"
"hina is considering merging its biggest steel producers, Hebei Iron & Steel Group and Shougang Group, and Shanghai Baosteel Group and Wuhan Iron & Steel Group, into two entities in the north and south respectively, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
"nteractive Intelligence Group (NASDAQ: ININ), an Indianapolis, Ind.-based call center technology company, has hired Union Square Advisors to explore strategic alternatives, according to Reuters. Read more"
"raesidian Capital Europe, a provider of debt and growth capital in the United Kingdom and Northern Europe, is investing £8 million of first lien debt in EMC Advisory Services Limited, a claims management firm in Exeter, UK. www.praesidian.co"
"echnology Crossover Ventures has closed its ninth fund, TCV IX, with $2. 5 billion in commitments. The firm’s prior fund, a 2014 vintage, had $2.2 billion in commitments. www.tcv.com"
"artners Capital has named Colin Pan, a partner in the London office and the firm’s head of manager research, its chief investment officer. Euan Finlay, Brendan Corcoran, and Richard Scarinci were also promoted to partners, and David Shushan has been named managing director in the firm’s Boston office. partners-cap.co"
"reditEase, a Chinese Fintech company, has appointed Anju Patwardhan as venture partner for its Fintech investment fund. Patwardhan joins the company from Standard Chartered Bank, where she served as global chief innovation officer. english.creditease.c"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
This is Erin Griffith filling in for Dan while he’s on vacation. Send deal news and tips here. Feedback is welcome on Twitter.
" Sympathy for the Devil: Yesterday the New York Times published an article reads like a dystopian children’s book. It’s called “This Is Your Life, Brought to You by Private Equity.” It describes the various private-equity-backed businesses that the average American interacts with, with the intent to surprise people who might not have known that many companies providing basic services like water, infrastructure, 911 operators and garbage collection are now owned by private equity firms. The article includes scary facts like “Response times for some ambulance companies under private-equity control have worsened."
"Naturally, PE advocacy groups bemoaned the article’s lack of context. American Investment Council spokesman James Maloney issued a response: “This one-sided slideshow laments private equity's involvement in public services for the convenience of its narrative.”"
"There’s a reason the article lacks context. Private equity is not well-understood to the average person, and the minute you get into the weeds of leveraged loans and carried interest, you lose everyone. In 2007, when the SEIU was protesting carried interest, I distinctly remember that most of the protesters weren’t exactly clear on what carried interest was or why exactly it was so bad. It definitely felt really bad."
"Consider the comedic lengths The Big Short went to in trying to simplify and explain the financial crisis to lay people, eight years after it happened. (Think Margot Robbie in a hot tub discussing the intricacies of sub-prime loans.) We live in an era of info-tainment. I think people want to understand, but it’s harder than ever to keep their attention and make them care. Double hard if you’re trying to gin up sympathy for a group of powerful, well-off people."
"Moreover, private equity hasn’t helped itself over the years. Many firms prefer to avoid “telling their story,” so they’re perceived as shadowy slash and burn profit-mongers. The irony that those profits are, in theory, paid out to pensioners, is rarely mentioned."
"The “private” part of private equity has changed a bit since the years I covered the industry. Most of the big firms are now publicly traded, Mitt Romney suddenly looks like a saint next to Trump, and some buyout firms are even active on Twitter. Yet those changes don’t seem to have changed the average person’s perception of the industry, as evidenced by the Times article."
"Term Sheet readers, you are obviously biased, but I’m interested in hearing your reactions. Is private equity doomed to be forever misunderstood? Does it matter?"
 You are not alone: Private equity isn’t the only industry with this perception problem. See the humorous “Your Facebook Life.” Another Facebook Day awaits!
"Alllies No More? As I noted yesterday, Uber’s sudden deal with its Chinese rival Didi Chuxing bodes poorly for the so-called “Anti-Uber Alliance” of global competitors. Didi, which has invested in Lyft, had agreed to share things like technology, local market knowledge, and business resources with Lyft, Ola and Grab."
"My colleague Kia Kokalitcheva notes that the planned product integration between Lyft and Didi, where each company’s app works with the partner service in that region, is about halfway complete."
Lyft’s spokesperson said the company “will evaluate” its partnership with Didi. The company also couldn’t resist getting in a “toldja so” to Uber: “We always believed Didi had a big advantage in China because of the regulatory environment. The recent policy changes are exactly why we did not invest in the region.”
" Emerson (NYSE: EMR) will sell Network Power, its network power business, to Platinum Equity and a group of co-investors. The transaction is valued at $4 billion and Emerson will retain a subordinated interest in Network Power. The sale of Network Power is expected to close by the end of the year. Separately, Emerson has agreed to sell itsmotors and drives unit to Nidec (NASDAQ:NNDNF), a Japanese motor manufacturer, for $1.2 billion.  www.emerson.com/en-u"
" Diablo Technologies, San Jose, Calif.-based enterprise startup, raised $37 million across two phases of Series C financing. Genesis Capital and GII Tech Ventures invested alongside Battery Ventures, BDC Capital, Celtic House Venture Partners, Hasso Plattner Ventures and ICV. www.diablo-technologies.com/"
" Carousell, a Singapore-based listings app, raised $35 million in Series B funding from existing investor Rakuten Ventures, with participation from Sequoia Capital, Golden Gate Ventures and 500 Startups. carousell.com"
" Glowforge, a Seattle-based 3D laser printer company, has raised $22 million in Series B funding. The round was led by Foundry Group and True Ventures. glowforge.co"
" CognitiveScale, an Austin, Texas-based provider of machine intelligence software, raised $21.8 million in venture financing co-led by Norwest Venture Partners and Intel Capital. www.cognitivescale.com"
" Distil Networks, a San Francisco-based cybersecurity company, has raised $21 million in Series C funding from Silicon Valley Bank, Bessemer Venture Partners, Foundry Group and TechStars. www.distilnetworks.com"
" Shipt, an online grocery marketplace based in Birmingham-Ala., has raised $20.1 million in Series A funding from Greycroft Partners, e.ventures, and Harbert Venture Partners. www.shipt.co"
" TruRating, a UK-based provider of customer feedback software, has raised $12.6 million in Series A funding led by Sandiare. www.trurating.com/en-us/hom"
" 3D Hubs, an Amsterdam-based marketplace for 3D printing, has raised $7 million in Series B funding led by EQT Ventures with participation from previous investor Balderton Capital. www.3dhubs.com"
" Brave Software, the developer of an ad-blocking browser based in San Francisco, has raised $4.5 million in a seed round including Founders Fund's FF Angel, Propel Venture Partners, Pantera Capital, Foundation Capital, and Digital Currency Group. brave.co"
" Sensay, a Los Angeles-based AI and chat bot startup, raised $4.5 million in seed funding led by Norwest Venture Partners with participation from Greycroft Partners, Sweet Capital, NHN, Draper Associates and other existing investors. www.sensay.it/"
" ShareACamper, a Germany-based platform for renting motor homes, has raised $2.24 million in venture funding from unnamed investors from the tech and motor home industry, including German software development company Werkdigital, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" RightCapital, a New York-based financial planning platform for registered investment advisors and independent broker-dealers, has raised $1 million. Camellia Venture Capital led the round, which included Jac Herschler, Bruce Ferris and Chanjuan Pan. www.rightcapital.co"
" Five Crowns Capital has led a consortium to acquire Verrex, a provider of conferencing and presentation software based in Mountainside, N.J. Investors included Diamond State Ventures, Aavin Private Equity, MidStates Capital, and Enterprise Bank"
" Z Capital Partners has made a bid to acquire Las Vegas-based casino company Affinity Gaming for $15 per share, valuing the company at more than $560 million. www.affinitygaming.co"
" Apax Partners, has completed its acquisition of a majority stake in Duck Creek Technologies, a provider of insurance software and services, from Accenture, which retains a 40% stake. Duck Creek Technologies also announced it has purchased Agencyport, a Boston-based company that connects insurance carriers and their agents, brokers, consumers and policyholders. www.duckcreek.com/"
" H.I.G. Capital has acquired Symplicity Corp, an Arlington, Va.-based provider of software to colleges that help manage student life on campus. No terms were disclosed. www.symplicity.co"
" Battery Ventures will acquire Bluepoint Solutions, a financial tech company based in Henderson, Nev. Battery plans to merge Bluepoint with Alogent, another fintech company it acquired in June. No terms were disclosed. www.bluepointsolutions.co"
" Edgenuity, a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based learning software company, has acquired Compass Learning, an Austin, Texas-based digital education software provider. Edgenuity is owned by Weld North Holdings, a KKR-backed company. Terms were not disclosed. compasslearning.co"
" PathGroup, a Brentwood, Tenn.-based provider of anatomic pathology and clinical lab service, has announced a recapitalization led by Pritzker Group Private Capital. Vesey Street Capital Partners and PathGroup management also invested. PathGroup was previously owned by Primus Capital. Terms were not disclosed. www.pathgroup.com"
" Cirtec Medical, a portfolio company of Century Park Capital Partners, has acquired Stellar Technologies Inc., a Brooklyn Park, Minn.-based provider of precision machining, component manufacturing, and assembly services for medical devices. Terms were not disclosed. www.stellar-technologies.com"
" WOW! Internet, Cable and Phone, a portfolio company of Avista Capital Partners and Crestview Partners, acquired NuLink, a Newnan, Ga.-based provider of high-speed Internet, digital cable TV, and phone services, from Halyard Capital. nulink.com"
" Falfurrias Capital Partners, has purchased a controlling stake in Green Distribution, a maker of heat transfers and screen printed custom apparel based in Secaucus, N.J., and Gordonsville, Va. Terms were not disclosed. greendistro.com"
" TPG Capital announced it will acquire a majority stake in Transporeon, a logistics platform based in Ulm, Germany, from The Riverside Company and other shareholders. Terms were not disclosed. www.transporeon.com/us"
" Vista Equity Partners is planning an IPO for portfolio company Misys, a UK-based provider of financial software. The firm has hired Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, and JPMorgan Chase, according to Bloomberg. The deal could value Misys at $5 billion. Read more"
" Salesforce (NYSE:CRM) has acquired Quip, a San Francisco-based online word processing service, for $582 million. Salesforce was previously an investor in the startup through its venture fund, Salesforce Ventures. Other investors include Benchmark and Greylock Partners. Read more at Fortune"
" Apollo Global Management (NASDAQ:APO) has acquired Maxim Crane Works, a specialized crane and lifting solutions provider based in Pittsburgh, Pa., from Platinum Equity. Terms were undisclosed. www.maximcrane.com"
" SK Capital Partners, a private investment firm focused on the specialty materials, chemicals and healthcare sectors, has completed the sale of Calabrian, a Kingwood, Texas-based producer of liquid sulfur dioxide, to INEOS Enterprises. a subsidiary of INEOS Group. Terms were not disclosed. www.calabriancorp.com"
" Great Hill Partners has entered into a definitive agreement to sell DealerRater, a Waltham, Mass.-based reviews site, to Cars.com, a subsidiary of Tegna Inc. (NYSE: TGNA). Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. www.dealerrater.com"
" Macquarie Infrastructure Partners has acquired a 42.5% equity interest in InSite Wireless from Catalyst Investors and other minority investors. InSite, based in Alexandria, Va., owns, operates, and manages wireless telecommunications tower site facilities and distributed antenna systems. www.insitewireless.com"
" IBM is in talks to acquire Revel Systems, a San Francisco-based provider of point-of-sale software, according to Bloomberg. Revel has raised more than $127 million in venture funding from DCM Ventures, Roth Capital Partners, Rothenberg Ventures, and Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, and was last valued at $500 million. Read more"
" AlliedBarton Security Services has merged with Universal Services of America. The company, which provides security technology solutions, is now operating under the Allied Universal brand and headquartered in Santa Ana, Calif., and Conshohocken, Pa. Wendel SE, which backs AlliedBarton, received approximately 33% of the shares of Allied Universal and $388 million in cash. www.aus.co"
" Emergency Communications Network, an Ormond Beach, Fla.-based emergency response alerting system, has bought MIR3, a San Diego, Calif.-based mass notification software for businesses, for an undisclosed amount. www.mir3.co"
" Ping Identity, a security company owned by Vista Equity Partners, has acquired UnboundID, an Austin, Texas-based provider of customer identity and access management software, for an undisclosed price. www.unboundid.com"
" Blue Harvest Fisheries has acquired Hygrade Ocean Products Inc., a New Bedford, Mass.-based processor and distributor of scallops, cod, and other fish products. Blue Harvest is a portfolio company of Bregal Partners. www.hygradeoceanproducts.com"
" Bharat Petroleum (NSE: BPCL), an Indian state-run oil refiner, is acquiring a 21% stake in payment technology provider FINO PayTech for $37.6 million in cash, according to VC Circle. Read more"
" Salt Creek Capital has acquired Griplock Systems, a Carpinteria, Calif.-based provider of cable suspension hardware and low voltage systems used in lighting, retail display and signage. No terms were disclosed. www.griplocksystems.com"
" Binary Capital, an early stage consumer tech VC firm based in San Francisco, has raised $175 million for its second fund, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Boldstart Ventures, a New York City-based VC firm focused on tech startups, has raised $21.3 million for a new fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.boldstart.v"
" CenterOak Partners, a Dallas-based private equity firm focused on making control-oriented investments in middle market companies, held a final close on CenterOak Equity Fund I, L.P. with $420 million in commitments. www.centeroakpartners.com"
" Brett Craig has been named a principal at Hidden Harbor Capital Partners, a private equity firm specializing in control investments in lower middle market companies based in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. www.hh-cp.com"
 Mark McLaughlin has joined Housatonic Partners as a principal in its San Francisco office. McLaughlin formerly worked at Technology Crossover Ventures and TA Associates. SF office. www.housatonicpartners.com
" Michael Treskow has joined Eight Roads Ventures as a Partner in its London-based European team. He was previously at Accel. In addition, Vytautas Balsys has been promoted to vice president and Asheque Shams has been promoted to associate, both based in London. In China, the ventures team has welcomed Joe Chang as Partner, who previously worked at Softbank China Venture Capital. eightroads.com/e"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
This is Erin Griffith filling in for Dan while he’s on vacation. Send deal news and tips here. Feedback is welcome on Twitter.
"Just about everyone working in tech has their own answer to the question, “How do you know we’re in a tech bubble?” Perhaps it’s the proliferation of startups buying up ads on billboards, subways and taxis. Maybe it’s the existence of congratulations cards for raising a round of funding, or maybe it’s the booming ping-pong table market. It could be when bankers quit their high-paying Wall Street jobs to work at startups. Maybe it was the time a startup literally gave away free cash, or the time a unicorn graced the cover of Fortune. For Fortune’s Adam Lashinsky, it was when a CEO tried to sell him pre-IPO shares."
"For me, it was seeing Goldman Sachs analysts describe themselves as “angel investors” on Tinder. Wall Street dominates New York’s economy, but people working in finance know it sounds a lot cooler to say you work with startups, even if your definition of working with startups means having an AngelList profile."
"So let’s say, hypothetically, you’ve come to the same conclusion – we’re in a tech bubble -- and you’re in the position to put your money where your mouth is. Can you actually short the tech bubble? The short (ha) answer is “no” because the companies and their investors are privately held. But that hasn’t stopped some investors from coming up with creative methods."
"I asked the Twitter hive mind, as well as a few hedge fund investors. Here’s what they said."
  Short publicly traded investment firms and funds with exposure to startups.
That includes Rocket Internet and GSV Capital.
"Likewise, large companies like Facebook or Amazon have exposure to startups. Facebook lots of pricey app install ads to startups, and Amazon sells lots of cloud storage through Amazon Web Services. I don’t think the exposure of either company’s business is large enough that a startup meltdown would truly hurt either company’s overall business, but plenty of other investors have made that case."
 Go long the companies supposedly being disrupted.
"You could buy shares in the incumbents. In other words, assume that if Airbnb fails to disrupt Marriott and Starwood, their stock will go up. Think Uber will fail? Invest in Medallion Financial, the leading taxi medallion lender."
"This is probably the worst and most indirect way to bet against startups. Airbnb and the hotel industry could both fail independent of each other. Making matters worse, if you subscribe to the notion that “software is eating the world,” that means startups will disrupt everything from transportation and hotels to agriculture and healthcare. Using this method to bet against the startup market would mean going long in literally everything but, I dunno, business consultants. (Wait nevermind, there’s an Uber for business consultants called HourlyNerd.)"
  Short Silicon Valley Bank
"It’s not well-known or well-understood by the public, but most startups with a little revenue take on a pile of debt alongside or after their equity fundraises. Silicon Valley Bank, Square 1, and Comerica are the most well-known players in that market. (As of the first quarter, around half of SVB’s 17.8 billion in loans were in the tech, life science and healthcare industry.) All three firms are publicly traded."
 Invest with the only firm I could find that’s shorting the startup market.  I’ll follow up with a profile of that firm tomorrow
"Didi Chuxing and SoftBank Group are leading a new round of funding in Grab, the “Uber of Southeast Asia.” The deal, which comes on the heels of Didi’s merger with Uber China, could exceed $600 million, according to Bloomberg. Grab is separately raising $400 million. Read more"
"Time Warner has acquired a 10% stake in Hulu, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based video streaming service. Terms were not disclosed but prior reports indicate that Time Warner’s stake was carved out by existing shareholders Walt Disney, 21st Century Fox and Comcast reducing their stakes from 30% to 25% each. Founded in 2007, Hulu unsuccessfully tried to sell itself in 2013. www.hulu.com"
"Velostrata, a San Mateo, Calif.-based cloud company, has raised has $17.5 million in funding in a round led by Intel Capital. Norwest Venture Partners and 83 North participated. Read more."
" Birchbox, a New York-based beauty product e-commerce startup, has raised $15 million from existing investors. Read more"
"Axial, an online marketplace for M&A, raised $14 million in Series C financing led by Edison Partners, with existing major investors Comcast Ventures, First Round, and Redpoint Ventures participating. www.axial.net/"
"Apptimize, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based company that helps businesses test and rapidly iterate their mobile apps, has just raised $12.4 million in Series B funding. U.S. Venture Partners led the round, with participation from Glynn Capital Management, Goldcrest Investments, Western Technology Investments, Ken Ross, and Twin Gables. www.apptimize.co"
"CyberX, a provider of cybersecurity solutions for industrial Internet networks based in Framingham, Mass., has raised $9 million in a round led by Flint Capital and including Glilot Capital Partners, Swarth Group, GlenRock, ff Venture Capital, and angel investors. www.cyberx-labs.co"
"Ceros, a New York City-based interactive content marketing platform, has raised $8 million in Series B funding, led by Grotech Ventures with participation from CNF Investments and Sigma Prime Ventures, StarVest Partners, Greycroft, and Silicon Valley Bank. www.ceros.co"
"Attic Labs, a San Francisco-based data storage and software startup, has raised an $8.1 million Series A round of funding led by Greylock and including Harrison Metal and angel investors. attic.io"
" Panoply.io, a Tel Aviv and San Francisco-based cloud infrastructure startup, raised a $7 million Series A round of funding led by Intel Capital, with participation from previous investor Blumberg Capital. panoply.io"
" RiskSense, a New Mexico.-based cybersecurity company, has raised $7 million in funding led by Paladin Capital Group with participation from Sun Mountain Capital and EPIC Ventures. www.risksense.com"
"Red Canary, a Denver-based cybersecurity managed detection and response company, raised $6.2m in Series A funding from Access Venture Partners, Noro Moseley Partners, and Kyrus. www.redcanary.co"
"LookBookHQ, a Toronto-based content marketing automation platform, has raised $4 million in Series A funding. The round was led by Edison Partners, and included Hyde Park Venture Partners. www.lookbookhq.co"
"Shoppable, an e-commerce platform for publishers based in New York City, has raised $3.5 million in Series A funding from MI Ventures, Canary Ventures, On Grid Ventures, and Bodley Group, among others, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
"MikMak, a Brooklyn-based mobile video shopping network, has raised $3.2 million in a seed round, led by VaynerMedia and with participation from SLOW Ventures, UTA Ventures, BRaVe Ventures and MX Investments, TechCrunch reports. Read more"
"Pluot, a big-screen video conferencing provider based in San Francisco [I think – this is the only source I could find], has raised $2.5 million from TenOneTen Ventures, Root Ventures, Metamorphic Ventures, Haystack and Gokul Rajaram, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
"Espresa, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based app that allows businesses to provide services to its employees, has raised $2 million in seed funding from Crosslink Capital, Clear Ventures, TEC Ventures, and angel investors. www.espresa.co"
"Zype, a cloud video distribution service based in New York, has raised $2 million in seed financing, led by Revel Partners and including Point Nine Capital, Alpine Meridian Ventures, Berlin Ventures, Entrepreneurs Investment Fund, and Terrapin Bale Ventures. www.zype.com"
"iBeat, a San Francisco-based maker of a heart-monitoring smartwatch, has raised $1.5 million in seed funding co-led by Maveron, Subtraction Capital, and Correlation Ventures. www.ibeat.co"
"Quidnet Energy, a Sonoma County, Calif.-based energy storage startup, has raised $1 million in seed funding from Clean Energy Venture Group and Sorenson Impact Foundation. www.quidnetenergy.com/"
"City Pantry, a London-based catering platform, has raised $1.47 million in funding from the Angel Co Fund, The London Co Investment fund, and existing investors. citypantry.com"
"FixtHub, a New York-based fixed income technology startup, has raised an undisclosed amount in Series A financing from Cerium Technology. fixthub.co"
"Dominus Capital has invested an undisclosed amount in League Collegiate Outfitters, a manufacturer and supplier of branded collegiate-licensed apparel, based in Bridgeport, Pa. www.league91.co"
"Shape Technologies Group, a supplier of water jet technology and ultrahigh-pressure manufacturing process solutions in Kent, Wash., has acquired Aquarese Industries, a designer of water jet systems based in Billy-Berclau, France. Terms were not disclosed. Shape is a portfolio company of American Industrial Partners. www.aquarese.fr"
"L Catterton has acquired Portland, Ore.-based children’s clothing label Hanna Andersson, for an undisclosed amount from Sun Capital Partners. hannaandersson.co"
"Liberty Hall Capital Partners has acquired Wichita, Kansas-based ZTM, a supplier of metallic parts and assemblies for the aerospace industry, for an undisclosed amount. www.ztm.co"
"Union Partners has bought Berg Steel Corp, a steel products provider based in Royal Oak, Michigan, for an undisclosed amount. www.bergsteel.co"
"Wind Point Partners and Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan have bought Streetsboro, Ohio-based Aurora Plastics, a producer of customized rigid polyvinyl chloride compounds for extruding and injection molding customers. No terms were disclosed. www.auroraplastics.co"
"Conner Industries, a national lumber processor based in Fort Worth, Texas, has acquired Continental Timber Company, a regional lumber processor based in Valley Center, Kansas. No terms were disclosed. Conner Industries is owned by PE firm The Argentum Group. continentaltimber.co"
"All Integrated Solutions, a portfolio company of High Road Capital Partners, completed the acquisition of Great Lakes Fasteners Corporation, a Grand Rapids, Mich.-based distributor of fasteners and industrial components. Terms were not disclosed. www.glfasteners.com"
No IPO news today.
"Sinclair Broadcast Group has emerged as a bidder for the TV operations of the Weather Channel from Bain Capital and Blackstone Group, according to the Wall Street Journal. IBM acquired the Weather Channel’s digital operations for more than $2 billion last year. Read more"
"Medium has acquired Embedly, a Boston-based startup that makes links embeddable. The company had raised funds from Y Combinator, SV Angel, Lowercase Capital, Salesforce Ventures, Venture51 and Social Leverage. embed.ly"
"Baidu and Tencent Holdings have ended a $3 billion venture with Dalian Wanda Group to build an e-commerce platform, according to Bloomberg. Baidu and Tencent have been replaced as shareholders by a company backed by Dalian Wanda Group owner, billionaire Wang Jianlin. Read more"
"Cinven will start exclusive talks to buy the Italian wealth arm of Old Mutual (LON: OML) for about $335 million, Reuters reports. Read more"
"Neverfail, an Austin-based provider of cloud computing services formerly known as Artisan Infrastructure, has acquired acquired Vertiscale, an Auatin-based developer of technology for managed service providers. Terms were not disclosed. vertiscale.com"
"Renovate America, a San Diego-based provider of residential clean energy financing, has acquired CakeSystems, a Portland, Ore.-based software provider for home energy modeling. Terms were not disclosed. www.cakesystems.com"
"Cheetah Mobile (NYSE: CMCM), a mobile tools developer based in Beijing, China, has acquired News Republic, a news aggregating platform based in Bordeaux, France, for $57 million, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
"PaidEasy, a New York-based payment app for restaurants, has acquired Happy, a Brooklyn-based app to find and create happy hours at participating bars and restaurants. Terms were undisclosed, TechCrunch reports. Read more"
"Bow Ventures has raised $100 million for its inaugural fund, according to a regulatory filing. The target is $300 million"
Anthemis Group has held a first close on $60 million for its first venture fund. The vehicle has a $100 million target. http://www.anthemis.co
"John Gammage has been appointed global head of the financial-sponsor group at JPMorgan, according to Bloomberg. He replaces former head Karen Simon, who was named head of director advisory services in April. Read more"
"Sunstone Partners has named Andy Cao, Ankur Rathi, and Gabriel Shaukat vice presidents, and Emanuel Pleitez, YueFeng (Mike) Du, and Sidhant Misra associates. www.sunstonepartners.co"
Michael Mackiewicz and Casey Winters have joined the KPMG’s Deal Advisory Financial Due Diligence practice based in Los Angeles. Mackiewicz joins the firm as a partner and Winters joins as a managing director. Previously they were with Alvarez and Marsal’s Transaction Advisory Group
Michael Libert and Lee Mooney have rejoined TA Associates as Vice Presidents in Boston. Sarah Wang has joined the firm as a Vice President in Menlo Park. www.ta.com
"Dino Beslic joined Grey Mountain Partners as an Associate in the firm's Boulder, Colorado office. Prior to joining the firm, Dino was an Associate with Citigroup's Global Industrials group in New York. www.greymountain.com"
Oaktree Capital Management has promoted Michael Cardito and Jason Lee to co-portfolio managers and co-heads of Oaktree's GFI Energy Group.  Cardito and Lee were previously Managing Directors. www.oaktreecapital.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
This is Erin Griffith filling in for Dan while he’s on vacation. Send deal news and tips here. Feedback is welcome on Twitter.
"On Wednesday I covered the various ways an investor could attempt to short the startup market, should they be so inclined."
"A few readers chimed in to suggest finding a way to bet against private real estate funds aimed at startup and tech workers, including Menlo Equities Absolute Return Fund (it acquires and develops office property specifically in technology-oriented markets in the U.S.) and Essex Property Trust, a publicly traded residential REIT that operates in the San Francisco Bay Area."
"Another, much simpler, approach would be to short a “basket” of 10 or so tech companies that have gone public in the last two to three years. Most have been lackluster."
But today I’m covering the only firm I could find that has the sole purpose of betting against the startup market: Snow Ventures.
"The firm's founder, Alexander Campbell, spent the financial crisis on the prop desk at Lehman Brothers. Later, as an entrepreneur-in-residence at Thrive Capital, he learned about venture capital. He saw plenty of parallels between the VC world and the over-leveraged investment banks of the mid-2000s: lots of structure, illiquidity, people protecting themselves with random clauses and documents that are difficult to unravel, “viscious, nasty” debt, and a general lack of transparency in the market."
"“I saw a lot of early investors, founders and employees getting subordinated, not really understanding that if your company takes $400 million on a $1.5 billion post-money valuation, it means you just got pushed 100 spots back in the cafeteria line,” Campbell says. What’s worse, he saw lots of founders and startup employees take the tiny amount of liquidity they had and plow it into another illiquid asset—San Francisco real estate."
"So Campbell started his own fund aimed at helping the people who own startup shares—founders and employees, mostly—balance their risk. According to Campbell, even sophisticated people in the startup world don’t always realize how much macroeconomic risk they’re taking on. In Silicon Valley, particularly during past few boom years, macro factors like interest rates, oil prices, and the Chinese economy can seem like distant, irrelevant concerns. But the startup economy is absolutely tied to the macro environment, Campbell says. And right now he believes the the startup economy looks like “a country that’s running an account deficient that’s depending on foreign capital for liquidity.” The front door of Snow Ventures’ website declares: Winter is coming."
"It’s tough to play the doomsayer in Silicon Valley, where it's normal or even encouraged to take irrational risks. (It's even worse to be the one profiting off of the failures of others. A big theme in the 2015 film The Big Short is the ethical implications of betting against people losing their homes.) Campbell admits that. Responses to his fund vary, he says. Employees and very early stage investors want to hedge. The early stage investors ""are doing the hard work of taking the coffee meetings,” he says. “They know the system is subordinating them and they don’t have enough liquidity to hedge.”"
"Currently, Snow Ventures is managing a small amount of money from friends and family, using the strategy I described in yesterday's Term Sheet. The firm shorts publicly traded stocks that are exposed to the startup market and overvalued (Campbell counts Facebook and Chinese tech companies in this group) as well as publicly traded hedge funds that have large stakes in these companies."
"The plan is to put together enough capital to ask a bank to “make a market” for Snow Ventures, similar to what Michael Burry of Scion Capital did in The Big Short."
"The only problem is that the startup bubble could collapse before Campbell's fund is up and running. “If the market is down, it’s not the best time to buy protection,” he says."
"Campbell isn’t hoping for a downturn in the startup market. But “if it were to happen, this is what you would want to do,” he says."
" Correction:  Yesterday’s Term Sheet incorrectly reported the buyer for Portland, Ore.-based children's clothing label Hanna Andersson. L Catterton acquired the company. Sun Capital Partners was the seller. Apologies for the error"
" Join 173,000+ executives  and see what's next in technology, VC, and startups. If you're not already subscribed to CB Insights' excellent newsletter, you should. Their newsletter offers a data-driven, no fluff view into what's next in technology, startups, venture capital, and M&A. Check it out here"
"Wal-Mart is in talked to acquire e-commerce startup Jet.com for as much as $3 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal. Jet, which launched last year to take on Amazon, has raised $545 million in venture funding and is valued at $1.4 billion. Read more"
"RocketSpace, a tech campus and accelerator based in San Francisco, announced its first institutional round of funding. China's HNA Group will invest $336 million into the company. www.rocketspace.com/"
"Go-Jek, an on-demand motorcycle taxi service that competes with Uber and Grab in Indonesia, has raised $550 million at a valuation of $1.3 billion, TechCrunch reports. The deal could be announced this week. Read more"
"VIPKID, a Chinese education platform that connects kids with native English speakers for online language lessons, has raised $100 million in Series C funding from investors including Yunfeng Capital and Sequoia, TechCrunch reports. Read more"
"Yeildbot, an online advertising startup based in New York, has raised $35 million in funding from Staley Capital. www.yieldbot.com"
"Drizly, a Boston-based alcohol delivery startup, has raised $15 million in Series B funding in a round led by Polaris Partners with participation from existing investors. drizly.com"
"Spot.IM, an Israel-based social engagement platform for digital media companies, has raised $13 million in funding from Index Ventures, AltaIR and Norma Investments Limited. https://www.spot.im"
"AirHelp, a New York-based startup that helps air passengers find compensation for delayed, canceled, or overbooked flights, has raised $12 million in Series A funding from Khosla Ventures and Evan Williams, according to TechCrunch. Read more."
"Homebase, a San Francisco-based provider of timekeeping and scheduling software, has raised $6 million in Series A financing led by Khosla Ventures, with Baseline Ventures and Cowboy Ventures participating. joinhomebase.com"
"Owlchemy Labs, a virtual reality and video game developer based in Austin, Texas, has raised $5 million in series A funding from Qualcomm Ventures, HTC, The VR Fund, Colopl Next, Capital Factory, and Austin entrepreneurs. owlchemylabs.co"
"Safanad Limited has made an undisclosed investment in CentralColo, a data centers operator for retail and wholesale services based in Silicon Valley. www.centralcolo.com"
"SiteZeus, a Tampa, Fla.-based provider of location intelligence technology, has secured $1.5 million in led by Chuck Cooper, formerly CIO of Paylocity. www.sitezeus.com"
"Ardian is acquiring Ascendi Group’s stake in Ascendi PT II, an owner and operator of five motorways in North Portugal and Lisbon. Ardian will pay Ascendi a consideration of 600 million euros ($668 million), to which 53 million euros ($59 million) can be added. ascendigroup.pt/e"
"Dyal Capital Partners, a fund managed by Neuberger Berman Group, has bought a less than 15% stake in H.I.G. Capital, a PE firm based in Miami. www.higcapital.co"
"Tengram Capital Partners is acquiring a majority stake in Algenist, a San Francisco-based skincare brand, from TerraVia, a nutrition and specialty ingredients company also based in San Francisco. TerraVia will receive approximately $20 million and retain approximately 20% of the company at close. www.algenist.co"
"Thomas H. Lee Partners has acquired Give and Go Prepared Foods, a manufacturer of baked goods based in Toronto. Give and Go has also concurrently acquired NAFTA CAT, a Toronto-based manufacturer of edible craft products. www.giveandgo.co"
"Excelle Sports, New York-based a women’s sports coverage platform, received strategic investments from Ropart Asset Management and The Madison Square Garden Company. Terms were not disclosed. www.excellesports.com"
"Canada Pension Plan Investment Board has invested $280 million in Advance Disposal Services, a waste collection company based in Ponte Vedra, Fla. Advanced Disposal is owned by Highstar Capital. www.advanceddisposal.co"
"Jensen Hughes, a Baltimore-based fire protection engineering and consulting business, has acquired CASE Forensics, a Seattle-based provider of forensic science and engineering consulting services. Jensen Hughes is owned by Gryphon Investors. Terms were undisclosed. www.case4n6.co"
"Apollo Global Management has acquired AmQuip Crane Rental, a Trevose, Penn-based provider of rental lifting services, from Clearlake Capital Group. Financial terms weren’t announced. www.amquip.com"
"First Hawaiian, the Honolulu-based bank controlled by France's BNP Paribas SA (EPA: BNP), has raised $485 million in an IPO, giving it a market valuation of about $3.21 billion. Goldman Sachs & Co, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and BNP Paribas are among the underwriters for the offering. Read more"
"ECI Partners and Livingbridge have sold their investment in Reed & Mackay, a corporate travel management company, to Inflexion. The sale generated a return of 3.4x to investors. www.reedmac.com"
"Ripple, a San Francisco and Oakland-based news startup that draws on community contributors for coverage, has acquired Hoodline, another news platform also based in San Francisco that focuses on neighborhood coverage. Hoodline had raised funding from Sherpa Ventures and angel investors. Terms were not disclosed. hoodline.com"
"Penn National Gaming (NYSE: PENN), an operator of gaming and racing facilities based in Wyomissing, Penn., acquired Rocket Games, a developer of social casino games based in San Francisco, California. The deal is worth $60 million with earn-outs going as high as $110 million. rocketgames.com"
"Arlington Capital Partners has raised $700 million for its fourth fund, which had a target of $575 million. arlingtoncap.co"
Powerplant Ventures has raised $42 million for a new fund that aims to invest in emerging plant-centric companies. www.powerplantvc.co
"Kelly Rodriques has resigned as executive vice president of wealth services of Opus Bank and as CEO of PENSCO Trust, a subsidiary of Opus. Rodriques, who has led PENSCO since March 2010, will serve as a consultant to Opus. Curtis Glovier joins PENSCO as the new CEO from Fortress Investment Group. www.pensco.co"
James M. Neissa has joined Rothschild & Co Group as Head of Rothschild & Co North America. Previously he worked as Joint Global Head of Investment Banking and a member of the Global Executive Committee at UBS. Lee LeBrun will also join Rothschild Global Advisory as Head of M&A in North America. LeBrun previously worked as Co-Head of M&A – Americas at UBS. www.rothschild.com
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
This is Erin Griffith filling in for Dan while he’s on vacation. Send deal news and tips here. Feedback is welcome on Twitter.
" Egg on Face: There’s no confusion over what to make of the news coming out of mayonnaise startup Hampton Creek this week. It’s really, really bad. Bloomberg reports the company dispatched undercover teams of contractors to buy up its product in stores to create the impression of booming sales and strong demand"
"Even in the era of Zenefits and Theranos, this is shocking behavior. If true (and Bloomberg presents ample evidence that it is), Hampton Creek deceived investors and its retail partners."
"It’s an especially egregious example of a startup founder mistaking “growth hacking” and “hustling” for unethical, and possibly illegal, activity. How does this keep happening? Well, the startup world has a way of promoting creation myths and glory stories of its most successful founders doing similar things. We hear about he times that Successful Founder X that conned her way into conference or Founder Y bent rules he didn’t fully understand to get his product to market. For inexperienced leaders, the line between innocent “hustling” and fraudulent behavior can be hard to grasp."
"The more frequently things like this happen, the more I imagine investors must to be questioning that whole “founder first” ethos they’ve been peddling for the last decade. Maybe not all founders can grow into impressive, responsible leaders like Mark Zuckerberg did. Maybe not all of them deserve to be put on a pedestal and protected with board control. I know this is blasphemy in the Valley, but maybe there’s something to be said for bringing in the adult supervision."
"And while I’m out on this limb, maybe this is a sign that CPG companies shouldn’t be funded with the same growth expectations as tech startups…"
" On the flip side: Part of what makes high growth entrepreneurship so exhilarating to watch is that founders often have irrational, impossible ambitions, and every so often, they actually pull them off. Marc Lore launched Jet.com with the goal of taking on Amazon – something literally no one else in the world, besides maybe Jack Ma, is delusional enough to try"
"This week we learned he might be falling short of that goal, an invitation for cynics to cackle with “toldja so” glee. Jet is reportedly in talks to sell to Wal-Mart for $3 billion. The news kicked of a debate among those of us that like to debate these things: Is this deal happening because Wal-Mart is desperate to get a stronger digital foothold (following Unilever’s footsteps with Dollar Shave Club), or because Jet can’t survive on its own? Is this a failure, or an alliance that will make both players stronger in their fight again Amazon (thus, a continuation of Lore’s revenge fantasy)? I tend to agree with Jason Del Rey of Recode, who called the deal, “a marriage of necessity for both sides, and one that probably makes too much sense not to happen.”"
 Reputation management: Interesting reader response from my Tuesday column about the public’s not-so-savory view of private equity: It’s not just the lack of transparency or cost-cutting that hurt’s private equity’s reputation. It’s the pressure to deliver returns to LPs
"Shaun writes: The government is used to buying and using products, but more and more they will be buying services because these are the types of companies that investors want to invest in. Why sell a bus when you can operate a transit service? Why sell drones when you could run a security service?"
"Public benefits are possible without giving up market returns (or above market). But for most of our prospective LPs, this is a very tough discussion. I'd say we've had north of 200 discussions now, and the folks who buy ""the public benefits and financial returns"" story are firmly in the minority. If LPs arent able to reconcile public benefits with financial returns, I'm not sure how best to tell the stories more broadly."
" Dan is still out next week, so I'll be here. Have a great weekend"
"Deliveroo, a London-based on-demand food delivery service, has raised a $275 million Series E investment led by Bridgepoint, returning investor DST Global, and General Catalyst, with participation from returning investor Greenoaks Capital. The company has raised $474.59 million in funding to date. deliveroo.co.uk/"
"GO-JEK, an Indonesian app for motorcycle ride-hailing, online food delivery, and other services, has confirmed an investment of more than $550 million from KKR, Warburg Pincus, Farallon Capital, and Capital Group Private Markets. www.go-jek.co"
"Deliveroo, a London-based on-demand food delivery service, has raised a $275 million Series E investment led by Bridgepoint, returning investor DST Global, and General Catalyst, with participation from returning investor Greenoaks Capital. The company has raised $474.59 in funding to date. deliveroo.co.uk"
"Mosaic, a provider of affordable solar financing solutions for homeowners based in Oakland, Calif., has raised equity financing of up to $220 million, led by Warburg Pincus. Core Innovation Capital and Obvious Ventures also participated in the round. joinmosaic.co"
"Formlabs, a designer and manufacturer of 3D printing systems based in Somerville, Mass., has raised $35 million in Series B funding from Foundry Group and Autodesk. formlabs.co"
"Quixey, a Mountain View, Calif.-based startup that aims to help users find content within mobile apps, has raised $30 million in debt financing, according to CNBC. The company’s investors have included Alibaba and SoftBank. Read more"
"Kentik Technologies, a network analytics provider based in San Francisco, has raised $23 million in a Series B round led by Third Point Ventures. August Capital, Data Collective, First Round Capital, Engineering Capital, Glynn Capital, and David Ulevitch also participated. www.kentik.co"
"GrubMarket, a San Francisco-based marketplace that aims to connect farmers and food producers with consumers, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. Sound Ventures, Global Founders Capital, Riverhead Capital, GGV Capital, Fosun Group, Danhua Capital, Fabrice Grinda, and Gang Wang participated in the round, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
"Elation Health, a cloud-based care platform for physicians based in San Francisco, has raised $15 million in Series B funding led by DFJ and including angel investors Martha Marsh and Charlie Cheever. www.elationhealth.co"
"Insert, an automated in-app marketing platform based in Tel Aviv, Israel, has raised $10 million in Series A financing. Battery Ventures led the round, which also included angel investor Shlomo Kramer. www.insert.i"
"Huuuge Inc., a developer of social casino games, has raised $4.6 million in a Series B round led by Asia Pacific-based investors Woori Technology Investment, along with Seoul Investment Partners and Kiwoom Investment. www.huuugegames.com"
"BrandYourself, a New York-based startup that aims to help users manage and improve their online reputations, has raised $2 million in funding from FF Angels, New Atlantic Ventures, and Barney Pell, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
"Baker, a Denver-based provider of software that helps marijuana dispensaries, has raised $1.6 million in seed funding led by Michael Lazerow led the round joined by Base Ventures, XG Ventures, 500 Startups, Poseidon Asset Management. www.trybaker.com"
"Vault RMS, A San Diego-based tech company advancing research into firefighter cancer rates, announced $1.3 million in a seed funding round led by Bill Miller of Legg Mason and San Diego-based Keshif Ventures, with participation from San Francisco-based Right Side Capital. www.vaultexposuretracker.com"
"Partners Group has agreed to acquire Systems Maintenance Services, a Charlotte, N.C.-based IT support services provider. SMS is being sold by funds affiliated with Thomas H. Lee Partners and Summit Partners. Terms were not disclosed. www.sysmaint.com"
"Rackspace (NYSE:RAX) is nearing a deal to sell itself to a private equity firm, according to the Wall Street Journal. The company has had an activist shareholder, Blue Harbour Group, since 2014. Read more"
"Carlyle Group will acquire 70% of China-focused outsourcing business VXI Global Solutions, according to the Wall Street Journal. The deal values the company around $1 billion. Read more"
"At Home (NYSE: HOME), a Plano, Texas-based home goods retailer, priced its IPO at $15 per share. Shares began trading at $16.25 per share at its debut Thursday. At Home is backed by private equity firm AEA Investors.  Read more."
"ECI Partners and Livingbridge have sold their investment in Reed & Mackay, a corporate travel management company, to Inflexion. The sale generated a return of 3.4x to investors. www.reedmac.com"
"Ripple, a San Francisco and Oakland-based news startup that draws on community contributors for coverage, has acquired Hoodline, another news platform also based in San Francisco that focuses on neighborhood coverage. Hoodline had raised funding from Sherpa Ventures and angel investors. Terms were not disclosed. hoodline.com"
"Arlington Capital Partners has raised $700 million for its fourth fund, which had a target of $575 million. arlingtoncap.co"
Powerplant Ventures has raised $42 million for a new fund that aims to invest in emerging plant-centric companies. www.powerplantvc.co
"Kelly Rodriques has resigned as executive vice president of wealth services of Opus Bank and as CEO of PENSCO Trust, a subsidiary of Opus. Rodriques, who has led PENSCO since March 2010, will serve as a consultant to Opus. Curtis Glovier joins PENSCO as the new CEO from Fortress Investment Group. www.pensco.co"
James M. Neissa has joined Rothschild & Co Group as Head of Rothschild & Co North America. Previously he worked as Joint Global Head of Investment Banking and a member of the Global Executive Committee at UBS. Lee LeBrun will also join Rothschild Global Advisory as Head of M&A in North America. LeBrun previously worked as Co-Head of M&A – Americas at UBS. www.rothschild.com
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
This is Erin Griffith filling in for Dan while he’s on vacation. Send deal news and tips here. Feedback is welcome on Twitter.
" This morning's big deal news is the official tie-up of Wal-Mart and Jet.com. Buying Jet ""accelerates our progress"" toward giving customers what they want, according to Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon. Under this deal, ""The seamless shopping experience we’re pursuing will happen quicker."
"The debate over whether the deal is a failure for founder Marc Lore rages on. Yes, we live in a world where selling your startup for $3 billion can be considered a failure."
"The problem was Lore's stated plan of taking on one of the Web's handful of monopolies: Amazon, which acquired his first company after a price war. It was a goal so wild and ambitious that not a single other entrepreneur would dare go after it. For all the press his bold plot garnered, whenever I spoke with Lore, he was matter-of-fact about his plans, genuinely surprised that anyone would find them audacious. He always knew he was going to need to raise billions of dollars to make this work. It was nearly impossible to get him to concede that the odds were completely against him. It's also possible he knew that Wal-Mart, the enemy of his enemy, would likely be desperate."
"In the press release, Jet touts a $1 billion ""run rate"" in gross merchandize value sales. Sure, it feels cheap to extrapolate revenue based on one strong month of sales, but $80 million in monthly sales after just a year in business is nothing to sneeze at (even if you were burning far more more money than that to achieve it). If Jet had waited much longer to sell -- say, after another round of funding with a higher valuation -- it may have been too expensive for Wal-Mart to justify the price to its shareholders."
"For its part, Wal-Mart is doing the awkward tightrope walk of a company that just bought itself some innovation, but can't insult past attempts at innovation in the process. McMillon called the deal ""another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Wal-Mart."" The careful use of the word ""another"" is code for ""never own up to our shortcomings."""
" Congratulations to Eric Martin, the funeral industry worker from Central Pennsylvania who won himself 100,000 shares of Jet stock a year ago in an unusual sign-up promotion. If anyone knows the exact share price for this deal, I'd love to do the math on what this guy walked away with"
 Jet.com has sold to Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) for $3 billion with an additional $300 million in potential earn-outs. Founder and CEO Marc Lore is expected to stay on as head of the company’s e-commerce operations. Read more
" Airbnb, a San Francisco-based room-rental platform, is raising $850 million at a valuation of $30 billion. The company was valued at $25.6 billion last July. Read more"
" Honor, a San Francisco-based provider of home care for older adults, announced today it has raised $42 million in Series B funding led by Thrive Capital. Additional investors include 8VC, Andreessen Horowitz, and Syno Capital. www.joinhonor.com"
" Funding Societies, a Singapore-based peer-to-peer business lending marketplace, has raised $7.4 million in a Series A funding round led by Sequoia India with participation of existing investors Alpha JWC Ventures. http://www.fundingsocieties.com"
" TheWaveVR, an Austin, Texas-based startup that aims to bring virtual reality to music performances, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding from KPCB Edge, Presence Capital, Rothenberg Ventures, RRE Ventures, The VR Fund, Seedcamp, and angel investors. www.thewavevr.co"
" CharityStars, a Milan, Italy-based online charity auction platform, has raised €2 million in Series A funding led by 360 Capital Partners, with participation from A.S. Roma soccer player Stephan El Sharaawy, and LastMinute Group CEO Fabio Cannavale. www.charitystars.com"
" Alodokter, a Jakarta-based health information portal, has raised $2.5 million in Series A funding led by Golden Gate Ventures with participation from existing investors 500 Startups and entrepreneur Lim Dershing. www.alodokter.com"
" Sterling Partners has made an undisclosed investment in DBi Services, a provider of infrastructure operations and maintenance. www.dbiservices.co"
" Vestar Capital Partners  acquired Mobile Technologies Inc., a Portland, Ore.-based provider of mobile phone software and services, from Hammond, Kennedy, Whitney & Company Inc. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. mobiletechinc.com"
" AIG will contribute a controlling stake of Conshohocken, Penn.-based NSM Insurance Group, a provider of of insurance program administration, to a joint venture that will be majority owned by ABRY Partners. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. nsminc.com"
" Hoover Container Solutions, Ferguson Group, and CHEP Catalyst & Chemical Containers, three providers of container solutions products in the energy, petrochemical, and general industrial markets, are merging to form Hoover Ferguson Group. Hoover Container Solutions is owned by First Reserve. Terms were not disclosed. www.hooversolutions.com"
" Apollo Global Management is in discussions to acquire Rackspace Hosting (NYSE:RAX), a Windcrest, Texas-based cloud services provider, sources told Reuters. Apollo is reportedly negotiating a price of more than $3.5 billion. Read more"
" LoopUp, a UK-based conference calling startup, will raise $11.7 million in an IPO, on the London Stock Exchange, according to the Financial Times. The listing would give the company a market capitalization of around $52 million. Read more"
" Apple has acquired Turi, a machine learning platform for developers and data scientists based in Seattle, for approximately $200 million. The company had raised $25 million from Madrona Venture Group and New Enterprise Partners.   Read more"
" Dentsu Aegis Network, a subsidiary of Dentsu, will acquire a majority stake in Merkle, a data marketing company based in Baltimore. Merkle had raised $123.5 million in funding from investors, including Technology Crossover Ventures. www.merkleinc.com"
" Mobile TeleSystems PJSC, Russia’s largest wireless carrier, is selling its 50.01% stake in Uzbekistan’s Universal Mobile Systems to the Uzbek government. The announcement comes after a corruption probe by U.S. regulators, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Investcorp has sold Crisps Topco Limited, the UK_based maker of Tyrrells-branded snack foods, to Amplify Snack Brands, an Austin, Texas-based company, for £300 million. Investcorp acquired the company in August 2013 for £100 million.  www.tyrrellscrisps.co.uk"
" ICV Partners has completed the sale of portfolio company Mallet & Company, a Pittsburgh-based, manufacturer of specialty ingredients, to Vantage Specialty Chemicals, a portfolio company of The Jordan Company. Terms were not disclosed. www.malletoil.com"
" Facebook has acquired the team from Eyegroove, a San Francisco-based mobile video startup, according to the company’s website. Eyegroove was backed by $3.5 million from investors including Matt Papakipos, Roger McNamee, Amarjit Gil, and Bill McLean. www.eyegroove.com"
" Aeropostale is negotiating a potential sale to Versa Capital Management that would keep many stores in the bankrupt teen apparel chain open, Reuters reports. Read more"
" Motorcar Parts of America, (Nasdaq:MPAA) acquried Winchester, Va.-based ZOR Industries, a developer of brake power boosters and turbochargers. zorturbo.com"
" Steinhoff International Holdings NV, a South African furniture conglomerate, will buy Mattress Firm Holding, a specialty bedding retailer based in Houston, Texas, for $3.8 billion, which includes debt, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Incipio Group, a consumer tech solutions platform based in Irvine, Calif., has acquired Griffin Technology, a creator of mobile accessories, based in Nashville, Tenn. Terms were not disclosed. griffintechnology.co"
No fund news this morning. 
No people news this morning. 
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
This is Erin Griffith filling in for Dan while he’s on vacation. 
"As some of you are aware, Fortune has a tech newsletter called Data Sheet that I've been writing for every Tuesday. The following column has been cross-published to both of the 'Sheets. You can subscribe to Data Sheet here. "
"For years corporations have tried to show off how innovative they are by adopting superficial markings of startup culture—open office floor plans, ping pong tables and cold-brew coffee on tap. It became trendy to launch corporate-run startup accelerator programs, which I used to mock as “innovation by osmosis.” There’s a whole new class of corporate venture arms from non-tech corporations ranging from the insurance industry to Campbell Soup. Fortune 500 companies have hired “startup scouts” and opened innovation hubs in Silicon Valley."
"A lot of it is “corporate innovation theater,” which I wrote about in Fortune’s last issue. It’s a way for the corporate sponsors to give themselves a halo of innovation and good PR, while soaking up a bunch of good ideas from startups and delivering little in the way of mentorship or actual partnerships for the startups. Will MasterCard or Sprint or Lowe’s or Anheuser-Busch InBev really strike a meaningful partnership with a three-person, three-month-old company without a viable product?"
"But lately I’ve noticed a shift in the strange, sometimes awkward relationships between corporations and startups. Corporations take startups—even very young ones—far more seriously today. Look no further than the recent Fortune 500 acquisitions of startups as proof: General Motors spent $1 billion (or around that with earn-outs) on Cruise Automotive, a 30-person autonomous vehicle startup that hasn’t even launched a product. Unilever spent $1 billion on Dollar Shave Club, a razor startup that adds just $200 million in revenue to Unilever’s €53.3 billion bottom line. And of course, yesterday Wal-Mart spent $3 billion on Jet.com"
"A new study on the state of startup/corporate collaboration from MassChallenge and Imaginatik shows that not only are corporates more eager to work with startups, 23% of it see it as “mission critical, and 82% said it’s at least “somewhat important.”"
"Most importantly, 67% of those responded that they wanted to work with earlier stage startups."
"You can thank inflated valuations for that. There’s the fear factor of a company like Uber being worth more than the majority of Fortune 500 companies. And there’s the affordability factor—the shareholders of most Fortune 500 companies would not appreciate spending $1 billion or $3 billion or on a hot startup. By the time most large corporations notice a startup like Airbnb is hurting their business, the startup is way too expensive to be acquired."
"It’s better, then, to partner with an eager friend and potential target much earlier. When asked whether GM would acquire $5.5 billion Lyft, which is reportedly for sale, at Fortune’s Brainstorm Tech conference last month, GM President Dan Amman essentially said the $500 million investment GM made in January invested was a big enough deal for the automaker."
"That’s not what venture investors are used to. The normal acquirers for tech startups are tech companies, and they’re willing to pay up. Facebook can drop $18 billion on WhatsApp and investors will hardly wince. Apple could buy the Big Three automakers with its cash on hand. But normal, non-tech corporates can’t do that. They’re interested in buying tech startups, but they’re a lot more conservative than their cash-rich tech peers. They can wait for valuations to come down. In the meantime, they’ll be seeking to partner earlier and earlier."
 To be clear: Yesterday a few readers (correctly) quibbled with the way I conflated Jet's revenue and gross merchandize volume. I should have pointed out that Jet's revenue is likely a small fraction of the $80 million to $90 million in GMV it brings in each month
" Hold onto your hats: The IPO section of this newsletter has been pretty lonely lately, but according to Liz Myers, global head of equity capital markets at JPMorgan Chase, that's about to change. The bank has 20 global IPOs lined up for September. That doesn't mean all our precious unicorns will suddenly change their minds about staying private as long as they possibly can. Myers told Bloomberg that ""high-value"" tech deals (cough, Airbnb, cough, Uber) are likely to wait until next year or 2018 to go public"
"While Dan is out, direct your deal news and tips here. If you've enjoyed my columns, follow me on Twitter here."
"Randstad Holding (AMS: RAND), an Amsterdam-based human resources services provider, and Monster Worldwide (NYSE: MWW), a Weston, Mass.-based job listings site, have agreed to merge. Randstand acquire Monster for approximately $429 million. www.monster.com"
"OfferUp, a Bellevue, Wash.-based startup that allows users to buy and sell items through its mobile app, is in talks to raise $120 million in a round led by Warburg Pincus, according to The Wall Street Journal. Read more"
"CVRx, a Minneapolis-based medical device company, has raised $93 million in Series G equity financing and a $20 million debt facility. Johnson & Johnson Innovation was the lead investor, with participation from existing investors New Enterprise Associates and Ysios BioFund I F.C.R.  New investors included Gilde Healthcare Partners, Action Potential Venture Capital Limited and Windham Venture Partners. www.cvrx.com"
"NextVR, a Laguna Beach, Calif.-based provider of live virtual reality broadcast technology, raised $80 million in a Series B round of funding from CITIC Guoan Information Industry, NetEase, CMC Holdings, SoftBank, VMS Investments Group, Founder H Fundin, China Assets Limited, and Spectrum 28. www.nextvr.com"
"Finova Financial, a Palm Beach Gardens, Fla.-based online lender, has raised $52.5 million in funding, according to the Wall Street Journal. www.finovafinancial.com"
"Kaltura, a video technology provider based in New York, has received $50 million in pre-IPO funding from Goldman Sachs Private Capital Investing. corp.kaltura.co"
"MapR Technologies, a San Jose, Calif.-based data startup, has raised $50 million in new funding led by Future Fund, with participation from existing investors including Google Capital, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Mayfield Fund, New Enterprise Associates, Qualcomm Ventures, and Redpoint Ventures. MapR has raised a total of $194 million to date. www.mapr.com"
"Engagio, a San Mateo-based enterprise technology company, has raised $22 million in Series B funding led by Norwest Venture Partners, with participation from FirstMark Capital and Storm Ventures.  www.engagio.co"
"Farmers Business Network, a San Carlos-based provider of an independent farmer-to-farmer network, has raised $20 million from Acre Venture Partners, the venture capital arm of Campbell Soup. www.farmersbusinessnetwork.com"
"Aligned TeleHealth, a healthcare company based in Agoura Hills, Calif. that provides telemedicine solutions, has raised $12 million in Series A financing from SV Life Sciences. www.alignedth.co"
" Emotech, the UK-based maker of the Olly robot, has raised $10 million from Chinese venture investors Alliance Capital and Lightning Capital. www.heyolly.com"
"Innoviz Technologies, an Israel-based developer of sensors and systems for autonomous vehicles, has raised $9 million in Series A funding. The round included Vertex Venture Capital, Magma Venture Partners, Amiti Ventures, and Delek Investments. www.innoviz.tec"
"SmartCAT, a Milipitas, Calif-based provider of a cloud translation automation platform, raised a $2.8 million seed round from RedSeed. www.SmartCAT.a"
"Kwippit, an image-amplified messaging app based in Denver, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding. Investors included Wildcat Capital Management and Dave Leyrer, venture partner at FirskMark Capital. kwippit.co"
"Koko, a New York-based cognitive therapy technology startup, has raised $2.5 million in Series A funding. The round was led by Omidyar Network and Union Square Ventures. itskoko.co"
"Swabbl, a Lyon, France-based provider of sales software, has raised $1.1 million in funding from undisclosed backers. www.swabbl.com"
"Finexio, a smart B2B payment network based in San Mateo, Calif., has raised $1 million in seed funding from Loeb.nyc and angel investors. finexio.co"
"MailControl, a Chicago-based provider of anti-spymail products, raised $1 million in seed funding led by Guild Capital. www.mailcontrol.net"
"FinTecSystems, A Munich-based company that provides data and analysis to the financial services industry, has secured a Series A investment round of undisclosed size led by Littlerock and Ventech. Previous investors MenschDanke Capital and Heilemann Ventures have also participated. fintecsystems.com"
"EQT will acquire Press Ganey (NYSE: PGND), a Wakefield, Mass.-based healthcare performance improvement company, for $40.50 in cash per share of Press Ganey common stock, for an enterprise value of approximately $2.35 billion. www.pressganey.com/"
"RoundTable Healthcare Partners has made a majority investment in two Dallas-based beauty companies, Revision Skincare and Goodier Cosmetics. www.revisionskincare.com www.goodiercosmetics.co"
"Sverica Capital Management is acquiring RMS Healthcare Management, a provider of management services to Med First Immediate Care and Family Practice, a provider of primary care based in Jacksonville, North Carolina. Cadiz Capital also participated in the transaction. Terms were not disclosed. thinkmedfirst.co"
"Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, RedBird Capital Partners, and Aethon Energy Management have acquired J-W Energy's oil and gas upstream and midstream assets in northeast Texas and north Louisiana. These assets are being consolidated with Haynesville and Rockies assets acquired by Aethon and Redbird to form a joint partnership known as Aethon United. www.jwenergy.co"
"Certica Solutions, a Wakefield, Mass.-based provider of educational technology, has acquired Educuity, a provider of Ed-Fi services based in Austin, Texas. Certica is backed by New Harbor Capital. No terms were disclosed. www.educuity.com"
"One North , a digital marketing agency based in Chicago, has taken a strategic investment of undisclosed size from Svoboda Capital Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm. http://www.onenorth.com"
"PlanetRisk , a Washington, D.C.-based provider of risk assessment services has agreed to acquire Analytic Strategies, a McLean, Va.-based provider of analytics services, for an undisclosed amount. PlanetRisk is backed by Frontier Capital and Petra Capital Partners. www.analyticstrategies.com"
No IPO news today. 
" Honeywell International (NYSE: HON) is in talks to acquire JDA Software Group, a Scottsdale-Ariz.-based supply chain management company, from New Mountain Capital, according to Reuters. The deal could be worth as much as $3 billion. jda.com"
" Riverstone Holdings will sell Rock Oil Holdings, a Houson and Denver-based oil and gas exploration company, to SM Energy for $980 million in cash. www.rockoilcompany.com"
"Google has acquired Orbitera, a commerce platform that allows users to buy and sell cloud-based software. The deal was valued slightly above $100 million according to TechCrunch. Read more"
TIAA will acquire consumer and commercial bank EverBank (NYSE:EVER). EverBank stockholders will receive $19.50 per share in cash for an approximate total of $2.5 billion. www.everbank.co
"Rackspace (NYSE:RAX) has agreed to sell its Cloud Sites web hosting unit to Liquid Web, a Lansing, Mich.-based provider of cloud hosting services. Terms were not disclosed. www.rackspace.com/en-u"
"BioVentures Investors, a Wellesley, Mass.-based firm, has raised $29.3 million in funding towards a goal of $100 million for its fourth fund, according to an SEC filing. www.bioventuresinvestors.com"
Joshua N. Beer and Jason W. Pike have been appointed managing directors at Charlesbank Capital Partners. www.charlesbank.co
Joanna Arras and Momei Qu have been promoted from senior associates to vice presidents at Baird Capital. www.bairdcapital.co
"Thomas Zanios has been appointed managing director at Westport, Conn.-based Gemspring Capital. Previously he was a principal at Odyssey Investment Partners. www.gemspring.co"
"William (Bill) Salisbury has joined Mainsail Partners, a San Francisco-based growth equity firm, as CFO and operating partner. Salisbury was previously CFO of Hearsay Social. www.mainsailpartners.co"
"Matt Baldassano has joined Cowen Group as Managing Director, Head of Global Securities Finance in New York.  He previously worked as Co-Head of Global Prime Services and Head of Global Securities Finance at Jefferies. www.cowen.com"
Gabriel Becher has joined DW Healthcare Partners as a Principal. Previously he was a Portfolio Manager with Alberta Investment Management Corp. www.dwhp.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
This is Erin Griffith filling in for Dan while he’s on vacation. 
"When Dollar Shave Club sold to Unilever, investors came out of the woodwork to remind us of their role in the success. In theory you only get one of those per fund, so hey, why not, take that victory lap."
"It’s much rarer for a venture firm to experience three billion-dollar exits in a matter of five months. That is, unless you’re AngelList. Through its various funds and syndicates, the crowdfunding platform can lay claim to Dollar Shave Club, Twilio, which went public in June, and Cruise, which sold to General Motors in March."
"To be more specific, AngelList manages a few funds, including Maiden Lane, a $25 million fund operated by AngelList. That fund put money into Cruise and Authy, which sold to Twilio for stock in 2015. Meanwhile, in October last year, the venture arm of Chinese investment firm CSC Group launched a $400 million seed fund on AngelList called CSC Upshot. That fund invested in Cruise through a syndicate. In addition, two of AngelList’s additional “managed funds” invested in Cruise. And a group of AngelList investors (through a syndicate led by Mike Jones) backed Dollar Shave Club via a secondary stock sale in 2015."
"To give AngelList full credit for backing the three of the most successful exits of the year, I had a few questions, which AngelList Partner Lee Jacobs answered, and I paraphrased:"
"Q: How many venture-backed companies raise at least some money via AngelList these days? If the answer is “most of them,” then the platform can hardly take credit for picking winners."
"A: Only a small portion of the companies with AngelList profiles actually raise money on the platform. AngelList estimates 15% of investments in early stage startups happen on its platform. (CB Insights tracked 886 early stage deals in the first quarter. AngelList syndicates do 120-150 deals a quarter.) For context, AngelList has backed 965 startups, which have gone on to raise $2.2 billion in follow-on capital."
"Q: How many people from the “crowd” in AngelList’s crowdfunding model actually get access to these companies? (In other words, are the investors that are getting rich from big exits the same investors that are plugged into Valley deal flow and would have invested regardless of AngelList?)"
"A: These three deals earned a return for approximately 170 individual investors. Jacobs says its reasonable to assume the investors in these syndicates would not have been able to access these investments otherwise, given their willingness to pay carried interest to the syndicates in order to access them."
"Q: How big of a piece of these exits did AngelList actually get? If one person invested $5,000 in a startup that Twilio acquired for stock last year, sorry, but that’s hardly worth shouting about."
"A: This one is trickier to suss out. The company doesn’t release return data, and it’s hard to know how diluted they may have been in their exits. AngelList promises to release some aggregate performance data in the coming months."
"While Dan is out, direct your deal news and tips here. If you've enjoyed my columns, follow me on Twitter here."
"Carvana, a Phoenix-based provider of car vending machines, has raised $160 million in venture backing from undisclosed investors. Read more"
"Interactions, a Franklin, Mass.-based provider of artificial intelligence services for customer service, has raised $56 million from Revolution Growth with participation from NewSpring Capital and Comcast Ventures. www.interactions.com"
"Memebox, a San Francisco-based e-commerce platform that markets beauty products from South Korea, has raised $66 million. The Series C round was led by Formation Group and included Goodwater Capital and Pejman Mar Ventures, according to TechCrunch. Read more."
"Iconic Therapeutics, a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company aimed at retinal disease and cancer based in San Francisco, has closed a Series C round of financing at $48.5 million. www.iconictherapeutics.co"
"Interactions, a provider of speech and natural language tech solutions based in Franklin, Mass., has raised $56 million in a round led by Revolution Growth, NewSpring Capital, and Comcast Ventures. www.interactions.com"
"FullContact, a Denver-based provider of address book management tools, has raised a $25 million investment round led by Foundry Group. www.fullcontact.com"
"Kepler Communications, a Toronto-based startup that aims to create a satellite machine-to-machine communication network, has raised $5 million in seed funding from investors including IA Ventures and Liquid 2 Ventures, TechCrunch reports. Read more"
"CareSkore, a Mountain View, Calif.-based provider of health management technology, has raised $4.3 million in funding from Cota Capital, Storm Ventures, Rising Tide Fund and Liquid 2 Ventures. www.careskore.com"
"TVSquared, a UK-based provider of measurement and optimization for TV advertisers, raised $3 million in funding from investors including West Coast Capital. www.tvsquared.com"
"Viridis Learning, a New York-based data analytics firm that matches college students with employers, has raised $3.2 million. The Series A round was led by Thayer Ventures and included University Ventures, Lumina Foundation, and NVC Investments. www.viridislearning.com"
"Alafair Biosciences, an Austin, Texas-based medical device company, raised $2 million in Series A funding led by ATP Fund with participation from UT Horizon Fund. www.alafairbiosciences.com"
"Baker, a Denver-based customer engagement software firm for marijuana dispensaries, has raised $1.6 million in seed funding from investors including Buddy Media, Base Ventures, XG Ventures, Poseidon Asset Management, and Michael Lazerow. www.trybaker.co"
"Anomali, a provider of network threat detection services, based in Redwood City, Calif., has received an investment of undisclosed size from In-Q-Tel. www.anomali.com"
"BlueGrace Logistics, a Tampa, Fla.-based provider of third-party logistics and transportation management, has secured a $255 million investment from Warburg Pincus. www.mybluegrace.co"
"Vestar Capital has acquired Mobile Tech, a designer and distributor of loss prevention and merchandising solutions for mobile product retailers based in Hillsboro, Ore., from Hammond, Kennedy, Whitney & Company. http://mobiletechinc.com"
"EQT is acquiring Press Ganey Holdings (NYSE:PGND), a healthcare performance improvement company based in South Bend, Ind., for about $2.35 billion. www.pressganey.com"
"Salt Creek Capital is acquiring Griplock Systems, a designer and provider of cable suspension hardware used in architectural lighting based in Carpinteria, Calif. www.griplocksystems.com"
"May River Capital has acquired MECA & Technology Machine, a Green Bay, Wisc.-based manufacturer of tight tolerance sleeves and machined components used in the packaging and web converting sectors. www.mecagb.com"
"North Castle Partners has invested in JTL Enterprises, the Clearwater, Fla.-based maker of equipment brand HydroMassage. www.hydromassage.com"
"North Castle Partners has invested in SLT Group, the New York City-based operator of Strengthen, Lengthen and Tone boutique fitness studios. www.sltnyc.com/#home"
"Tailwater Capital has invested $80 million in Goodnight Midstream, a Dallas-based provider of water handling and salt water disposal services to the oil and gas industry. www.goodnightmidstream.com"
"Pharos Capital Group acquired FasPsych, a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based telepsychiatry services provider, alongside management. www.faspsych.com"
"Confluent Medical Technologies, a manufacturer of catheter medical devices based in Fremont, Calif., has acquired ETE Medical, a provider of end-to-end solutions for medical devices based in Sunnyvale, Calif. The deal is sponsored by Ampersand Capital Partners. Terms were not disclosed. www.etemedical.co"
"Samsung BioLogics , the drug manufacturing unit of Samsung Group, plans to go public later this year, raising as much as $2.5 billion with a market cap around $10 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read More"
"Intel is acquiring Nervana Systems, a San Diego-based startup that develops machine learning technology, for more than $400 million. Nervana is backed by DFJ and Data Collective. Read more"
"Redwood Capital has acquired Premier Trailer Leasing, a provider of trailer leasing and rental assets based in Lewisville, Texas, from Garrison Investment Group. www.premiertrailerleasing.co"
"Disney will pay $1 billion for a 33% stake in BAMTech, the video streaming platform created by Major League Baseball. Read more"
"General Assembly, a New York-based education company, has acquired Bitmaker, a Canadian leading tech and design accelerator based in Toronto, for an undisclosed amount. Bitmaker was backed by Russell Square Partners. bitmaker.co"
"J.C. Flowers Asset Management is partnering with Credit Suisse Asset Management to raise a fund directed at the mezzanine and equity tranches of U.S. and European Collateralized Loan Obligations, Reuters reports. Read more"
"CoVenture has raised $8 million for its fourth fund, according to a regulatory filing. The target is $20 million"
"North Castle Partners, has held a final closing on its sixth fund, North Castle Partners VI, L.P. with $300 million in committed capital. www.northcastlepartners.com"
Sandor Hau and Matthew Jacobson have joined Charlesbank to lead investments in credit markets. www.charlesbank.co
"The Watermill Group has promoted Principal Julia Karol to president and COO, Principal Michael Fuller to CFO, and director of transactions Matthias Bergin to principal. www.watermill.co"
Will Henderson and Duke Punhong have been promoted to managing directors at Graycliff Partners. www.graycliffpartners.co
Travis Skelly has joined Citi Ventures as a senior vice president. Previously he worked at Fintech Collective. www.citi.com/ventures
"Steven A. Levy has joined Cowen and Company’s investment banking team as managing director, head of financial sponsors. Previously he ws at Stifel. www.cowen.com"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
This is Erin Griffith filling in for Dan while he’s on vacation. 
"Gather around the rosé bottle for a late summer tale of venture capital drama. Last week I received a copy of an unusually detailed legal settlement between the partners of a venture capital firm called Expansive Ventures. The early stage venture firm, which formed in 2014, has invested in four companies: Honest Dollar (sold to Goldman Sachs), Super Home, Park Jockey, and SixUp."
"You may remember this situation from June, when Dan noted that the fund was on a permanent hiatus while it figured out how to end the partnership between co-founders: Adeo Ressi, the head of incubator The Founder Institute and founder of TheFunded.com, a site that hosts reviews of venture capitalists, and Jon Soberg, formerly of Blumberg Capital. They started the firm as 50% partners. In the last year, it completely unraveled."
Now we know what happened.
"It starts, like many divorces do, with minor disagreements. According to the settlement, the partners fought over travel expenses (Soberg testified that he was a ""frugal traveler;” according to the settlement; Ressi claimed Soberg’s trips were “frivolous,” the arbitrator wrote.) They fought over Soberg’s salary, according to the settlement."
"In July 2015, around the time Expansion Ventures’ fund held a second close on $40 million in funding, Ressi “went ballistic and took over the process,” according to testimony quoted in the settlement. He allegedly felt the firm wasn’t being run as an equal partnership and aimed to take more control."
"According to the settlement, Soberg accused Ressi of secretly reading Soberg’s email and changing the Expansive Ventures website to show Soberg in a limited role. He also accused Ressi of locking Soberg out of the office."
"Ressi went on to tell Expansive’s investors that Soberg was dishonest, according to the settlement. He blocked Soberg’s access to salaries and to the firm’s Silicon Valley Bank accounts, asking the bank to make him the firm’s sole administrator, according to the settlement. He spent money from the fund to develop a trademark for his separate incubator, and he allegedly tried to bring in a third partner so they could outvote Soberg on decisions."
"After a disagreement about which partner was leading an investment, Ressi allegedly accused Soberg of lying and asked the firm’s lawyer to add “clauses about honesty” to the fund agreements. Expansive’s limited partners and banker expressed concerns about the firm; its website had apparently been down for months (Ressi then allegedly redirected it to his incubator’s website.) The firm's law firm, Kranz & Associates, withdrew its business because of “the non-professional language and treatment of our staff by Adeo [Ressi],” according to the settlement."
"In October 2015, Ressi “ambushed” Soberg with a meeting at Expansive's law firm’s offices, where Ressi read Soberg a script that said he would no longer approve capital calls on investments, according to the settlement. He allegedly told Soberg the fund’s LPs supported his vision for the firm, asking “Do you want to be part of the highly visible failure that will impact your career, or take a founding credit in something that may go on to be relevant?” He offered Soberg a payment to leave the fund, according to the settlement."
"The next morning, Ressi emailed Soberg, writing that “every hour on the hour until noon PST today starting at 10:00 AM PST, we will revise the Soberg Transition Agreement to you, until it becomes no offer with a wind down scenario at noon PST,” according to the settlement. Two hours later, he wrote, “I assume you want to dissolve the fund based on your lack of responses. In 20 minutes, all deals are off the table.” He later copied Soberg’s wife on another email threatening to sue Soberg, according to the settlement."
"Soberg filed for arbitration and, after a judge reviewed eight days of testimony and 500 documents, he won. The terms of the arbitration, decided on July 7, call for Ressi to pay Soberg $2.5 million in compensation to make up for lost management fees and an additional $1 million in damages to his reputation. Ressi was ordered to be removed as a general partner at the firm and repay his $59,103 capital balance and $140,712 in legal fees. Soberg gets the full carried interest of the fund going forward."
"Ressi “vehemently denies” any “plot.” In a blog post from last week, he wrote, “My bedside manners were not perfect, but my actions were all in the best interest of the Limited Partners.” He has filed a motion to vacate the award. He also has a separate complaint pending, but says the Santa Clara clerk strike has held it up. In an email to Term Sheet, he noted that he is still a 50% owner in the general partnership, and that the case “is months away from being settled.”"
"Soberg is now working with the LPs to determine the best path forward - to manage out the existing portfolio or to do more investments. “None of LPs asked for this,” he says. “Obviously, nor did I.”"
"While Dan is out, direct your deal news and tips here. If you've enjoyed my columns, follow me on Twitter here."
"Bill Maris is stepping down as CEO of Google Ventures, the $2.4 billion corporate investment group he founded in 2009. His last day will be Friday, with an all-hands meeting of GV staff scheduled for today. He will be succeeded by managing partner David Krane"
"“I feel like it’s ‘mission accomplished’ here,” Maris tells Fortune. “I’ve been at this for eight years and GV now is a preeminent VC fund… it’s time for a new adventure.”"
"Maris declined to discuss his next step, except to say that he has a plan. Read more."
"Accolade, an on-demand healthcare concierge for employers, health plans, and health systems, has raised more than $70 million in Series E funding. The round was led by Andreessen Horowitz and included Madrona Venture Group. www.accolade.co"
"Refinery29, a New York-based digital media site for women, has raised $45 million in new funding led by Turner with participation from Scripps Networks Interactive. www.refinery29.com"
"Woundtec, a Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based wound management technology company, has closed a $40 million investment by Aldrich Capital Partners. www.woundtech.net"
"iFood, a Brazilian food delivery startup, has raised $30 million in new funding from Movile and Just Eat, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
"Bynder, a branding automation company based in Amsterdam, has raised $22.2 million in Series A funding from Insight Venture Partners. www.bynder.co"
"Zenoti, a Seattle-based provider of a cloud-based management platform, has raised a $15 million Series B funding round led by Norwest Venture Partners with participation from returning investor Accel Partners. www.zenoti.com"
"Innovaccer, a big data application provider based in Silicon Valley, has raised $15.6 million in a Series A round led by Westbridge Capital Partners and including angel investors. www.innovaccer.co"
" Varentec , a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of provider of power control solutions, has raised $13 million in Series B funding from Bill Gates, Vinod Khosla, and the venture capital arm of conglomerate 3M. Read more"
"Yroo, a Ballsbridge, Ireland-based shopping startup, has secured $11 million in seed funding from private investors. yroo.com"
"Glovo, a Barcelona-based on-demand delivery startup, has raised €5 million ($5.5 million) in Series A funding from Antai Venture Builder, Seaya Ventures, Entreé Capital, Caixa Capital Risk, and Bonsai Venture Capital. glovoapp.com"
"The Flex Company, a Venice Beach, Calif.-based maker of a menstrual product that can be worn during sex, has raised $1 million from investors including Y Combinator and Amplify.LA, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
"AceBot.ai, a chatbot that performs tasks on workplace messaging system Slack, has raised $650,000 in a seed round from Accel Partners. http://acebot.a"
"App Data Room, a mobile sales platform based in Minneapolis, has completed a Series A round of financing led by Sopris Capital. The amount raised was not disclosed. The company is also changing its name to Modus Engagement. appdataroom.co"
"Wellspring Capital Management is selling National Seating & Mobility, a provider of custom mobility, rehab, and adaptive seating systems based in Franklin, Tenn., to Court Square Capital Partners. Terms were not disclosed. www.nsm-seating.co"
First Reserve portfolio company Saddle Barnett Resources has agreed to acquire the interests of Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE: CHK) in the Barnett Shale operating area in North Texas. www.chk.com
"PAI Partners will acquire Roompot Vakanties, a Netherlands-based provider of recreation parks. www.roompot.nl"
"Platinum Equity has agreed to acquire Electro Rent Corporation (NASDAQ: ELRC), a seller and renter of computing equipment, for about $382 million.  www.electrorent.com"
"Clayton, Dubilier & Rice is in talks to acquire Drive DeVilbiss, a Port Washington, N.Y.-based wheelchair manufacturer, for about $750 million, according to Reuters. www.drivemedical.com/b2b"
"Cal Net Technology Group, a Chatsworth, Calif. -based customer support services provider, will acquire inhouseIT, a provider of managed IT services in Orange County. Cal Net is a portfolio company of Boathouse Capital and Olympic Valley Capital. inhouseit.com"
" Medpace Holdings, a Cincinnati-based clinical contract research group backed by Cinven, priced its IPO. The company will offer 7,000,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $23.00. The company will begin trading on NASDAQ Global Select Market today under the ticker symbol “MEDP.” Jefferies LLC and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC are acting as joint lead book-running managers for the offering. UBS Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are also acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated and William Blair & Company, L.L.C. are acting as co-managers for the offering"
"Aegon, a Dutch insurer, has acquired Cofunds, a British investment platform for financial advisers, from Legal & General for GBP 140 million ($181.5 million). Read more"
"KKR and TPG are selling about 7.4 million shares of Zimmer Biomet Holdings (NYSE and SIX:ZBH), a medical device company based in Warsaw, Ind., in a secondary offering. www.zimmerbiomet.co"
"Palantir Technologies is acquiring Silk, a data visualization startup based in Amsterdam and San Francisco. Terms were not disclosed. Silk's investors include New Enterprise Associates. Read more. "
"Samsung Electronics is acquiring Dacor, a luxury home appliance maker based in Industry, Calif. Terms were not disclosed. Read more"
"The Flex Company has acquired Softcup, a flexible menstrual disc maker based in Venice, Calif., for an undisclosed amount, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
"NASA is awarding roughly $65 million to Bigelow Aerospace, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Orbital ATK, Sierra Nevada Corporation’s Space Systems, and NanoRacks to allow them to develop ground prototypes and concepts for deep space habitats. Read more"
"The University of Michigan has secured a $22 million investment from the Toyota Research Institute to research artificial intelligence, robotics, and autonomous driving. Funding will be provided over four years, according to the university. Read more"
No fund news today.
"Nick Triantos is joining Ignition Partners as a venture partner. He joins Ignition from SRI International, where he served as managing director of ventures. www.ignitionpartners.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
This is Erin Griffith filling in for Dan Primack while he’s on vacation. 
"New York is melting, Dan returns next week, and the deals news is as slow as a Friday in August. In other words, time for some Friday Feedback."
First up is my column on AngelList’s three billion-dollar exits
"Kevin writes: Down the line, AngelList will have some massive unicorn power law returns where syndicates played at attractive entry points. However, if we estimate that the AL syndicate for Cruise was the Series A near a $100 million valuation, the syndicate for Dollar Shave Club was at a $500 million valuation, and Authy was acquired by Twilio for a pittance, AL should really not be touting $1 billion exits that only produced 1.5-8x returns. Venture is all about outsized returns. This latest marketing is more akin to late stage VC logo hunting for branding purposes rather than returns."
"An AngelList angel that backed Authy writes: I can’t complain about the return, but could’ve had a better return by investing in the Twilio IPO…"
"Next up, responses to my column on Hampton Creek’s mayo-buying shenanigans"
"Alexander writes: In business and tech media it's been popular to portray founders as hard-working entrepreneurs and investors as evil sources of capital. So when you uncover questionable/unethical behavior by some founder, the investors either remain evil “peddlers"" or they're dumb for putting ""founders first""? Why is it so difficult to portray this business as having two groups, investors and founders, the vast majority of whom are hard-working, ethical business people, with some rotten apples on both sides?"
"(My response: Yes, #NotAllInvestors, but Zenefits, Theranos, Hampton Creek, and plenty of small, lesser-known examples, goes beyond a few ""rotten apples"" and shows the power dynamic may have swung too far in favor of founders in recent years.)"
"Matthias writes: Regarding your point that “CPG companies shouldn't be funded with the same growth expectations as tech startups,"" they absolutely should. There is a current and unfortunate perspective pervading the investor community around CPG performance that has resulted in these opportunities being wildly underfunded/appreciated and I think we ought peddle hard in the other direction. CPG often outperforms tech -- Dunkin Donuts is more profitable than Facebook, Google, LinkedIn or eBay..."
"Shep writes: What’s the difference between the Fed buying bonds, or US farm subsidies, and what Hampton Creek just did?  Is it that the Fed and the US Farm subsidies are “out in the open”, and Hampton Creek operated w/o disclosure? Aren’t they all accomplishing the same thing – artificially propping up the market, which most of us would agree is a bad thing, to ultimately accomplish a greater good?  Can’t Hampton Creek make the same argument – that they are temporarily supporting the market while chubby out of shape middle aged has-beens like me figure out that the product actually tastes pretty good, and is a lot better for us than the ‘full strength’ original mayo, which contributes to heart disease, clogged arteries, etc?"
"Lastly, responses to my column on shorting the startup market"
Adam writes: It’s incredibly difficult to time the short of a stock (especially a high-momentum stock in technology or China) and many hedge funds were long technology stocks through most of the market increase (before selling their positions prior to the most significant part of the collapse).
"It’s also really hard to bet on on macroeconomic events, because even if you’re right, it’s incredibly difficult to time the market and understand the second order effects that would affect any trade you’d want to make."
"To draw the same parallel to the housing bubble, there were many individuals who were vocal about housing prices being overvalued, but set up an incorrect trade (i.e. Hedged with long exposures to emerging markets, which also were dragged down with the rest of the market)."
"Sean writes: I have seen anecdotally that interest in shorting has quieted compared to earlier this year, but interest in hedging remains. In other words, ""How do you hedge private investments with public ones and vice versa?"" An example of the latter (and taking a different twist on one of your examples) is hotel owners/operators looking to invest in Airbnb to hedge their exposure."
"Signing off: It’s been a pleasure writing for you for the past two weeks, Term Sheet readers. (If you agree, stay in touch by following me on Twitter."
"I want to also give a shout-out to Michelle Toh, Fortune’s recently hired Hong Kong-based editor, who has been hugely helpful in compiling a bunch of the deal items that run alongside these missives. Thanks Michelle! Dan is back Monday."
"Hewlett Packard Enterprises is buying SGI, the Fremont, Calif.-based computing hardware maker founded by Jim Clark in the 1980s, for around $275 million. Read more"
"UpGuard, a Silicon-Valley based cybersecurity firm, has raised $17 million in Series B funding from Pelion Venture Partners and Square Peg Capital. www.upguard.co"
"Xperiel, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based provider of a mobile app development tool that works with Internet-connected equipment in sports stadiums and other facilities, has secured $7 million in funding from investors including Major League Baseball, the Los Angeles Dodgers, Andy Bechtolsheim, and Diane Greene. Read more"
"MightyTV, a New York-based maker of a video discovery app, has secured $2 million in seed capital from Canaan Partners and Spark Capital. mighty.tv"
"Leaf, a smartphone-controlled automated home-grow system for cannabis based in Tel Aviv, has raised $2 million in seed funding. CJV Capital led the round, which included Phyto Partners and Advanced Nutrients, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
"Nexamp, a Boston-based solar developer and installer, has taken an investment of undisclosed size from Diamond Generating Corp., a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corp (NASDAQ: MSBHY). nexamp.com"
"CVR Energy, a Texas-based refiner owned by Carl Icahn, is preparing an offer for Delek U.S. Holdings, a refiner in Arkansas and Texas, according to The New York Post. Read more"
"FIMI is in advanced discussions to acquire the Israeli subsidiary of British security giant G4S, according to Haaretz. The deal could reportedly be valued at $104.9 million. Read more."
"Stem, a provider of energy storage solutions based in Millbrae, Calif., has raised up to $100 million in financing from affiliates of Starwood Energy Group Global. www.stem.com"
"Valentus Specialty Chemicals, a portfolio company of Huron Capital Partners, has acquired the wood floor finishes business of New Rochelle, N.Y.-based Paint Over Rust Products. No financial terms were disclosed"
"Medpace Holdings  (NASDAQ: MEDP) shares jumped on their first day of trading, opening at $28.15, and  closing up 20% at $27.67. The a Cincinnati-based clinical contract research group is backed by Cinven."
"Microsoft has acquired Beam, a Seattle-based game streaming service, for an undisclosed amount. Beam had raised money from Courtside Ventures, Ore Ventures, and Techstars. beam.pro"
"AcuityAds (TSXV:AT), a Toronto-based marketing tech firm, is acquiring 140 Proof, a social and mobile targeting tool provider based in San Francisco, for up to $20 million. 140 Proof raised $5.5 million in funding from investors including BlueRun Ventures, Founders Fund, and SV Angel. www.140proof.com"
"KB Holding has acquired Kings Super Markets and Balducci’s Food Lovers Markets from Angelo, Gordon & Co. and MTN Capital Partners. Terms were not disclosed. kingsfoodmarkets.com www.balduccis.co"
"Carlyle Group LP and Brazilian investor Guilherme Paulus have raised a collective 1.230 billion reais ($394 million) in a partial exit from Brazilian travel agency CVC Brasil Operadora SA, Reuters reports. Read more"
"Breezeworks, a service business automation platform based in San Francisco, has acquired the app business of Prompt.ly, a field software app maker based in San Francisco. Terms were not disclosed. www.prompt.l"
"Tencent Holdings, China’s leading social network and online entertainment firm, and PCCW, a Hong Kong-based telecom, media and IT solutions player, have backed STX Entertainment, a Los Angeles-based movie studio. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed, but the deal puts STX’s estimated valuation at close to $1.5 billion. Read more"
"Daetwyler, a Swiss electronic components distributor, could potentially sweeten its bid for Premier Farnell, a British distributor of tech solutions, after another offer was submitted by Avnet, a Phoenix-based electronic components distributor, according to Reuters. Read more"
"Steinhoff International Holdings, a South African retailer, has raised its bid for Poundland, a British variety store chain, to 610 million pounds ($793 million), according to Bloomberg. Read more"
"South Korean conglomerates SK Networks and CJ Corp have submitted separate bids to acquire South Korean home appliance rental company Tongyang Magic, according to Reuters. Read more"
"Partners Group, InfraRed Capital Partners, DEME Concessions Wind, GE Energy Financial Services, and L’Agence de l’environnement et de la maîtrise de l’énergie will invest $1.8 billion million in the construction of Merkur Offshore, a construction-ready wind farm based in Hamburg, Germany"
"GSV Ventures has raised $6.5 million for its fifth fund, according to an SEC filing. The target is $250 million. gsvcap.com"
"Citigroup has appointed Jennifer Fox and Toby King co-heads of its North American healthcare investment banking division. It also named Brad Wolff head of West Coast life sciences, reports Reuters. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"In 2014 I wrote about the wind-down of Paul Capital, and how the veteran fund-of-funds manager was continuing to charge full fund management fees despite having laid off nearly all its employees and shutting five of its six offices. Now we're learning that the column set off a chain of events that today will culminate in an announcement that Paul Capital has agreed to an institutional liquidity plan with The Beneficient Company, which includes an immediate cessation of management fees and repayment to LPs of nearly 50% of all fees paid over the past two years for the firm's eighth and ninth funds (whose remaining combined NAV is around $600 million, with a lot of complex structure mixed in)."
"In more formal terms, Beneficient is essentially underwriting a contingent value right on Funds VIII and IX (a smaller Fund X was already wound down via traditional secondary sales)."
"""I called [Paul Capital's] David de Weese when I read about the fees and said 'What I'm reading isn't you,'"" says Brad Heppner, founder and CEO of Beneficient Group. ""So we met and David went through the strategic review they had been doing, I expressed my differences of opinion on some of it and said that our balance sheet could help in providing liquidity to LPs... But it was a long process, in which they went through a series of different options ― including traditional secondary auctions and selling the business piecemeal -- before we got to where we are today, where we're providing an NAV guarantee to the ultimate buyer of the assets."""
"If Heppner's name sounds familiar, that might be because he founded and led Crossroads Group, a private equity fund-of-funds and advisory business sold to Lehman Brothers via separate deals in 2003 and 2007. Since then he has been quietly building up Beneficient, a non-fiduciary that uses its balance sheet to both provide liquidity to alternative asset investors, and also provide administration services (risk management, etc.) on those assets."
"To date the firm has primarily worked confidentially with institutional investors, including underfunded public pension funds that would prefer not to enter easily-leaked auction processes that would publicize their financial difficulties. But it also is moving into the individual market, with today's Paul announcement actually secondary to news that Beneficient has agreed to acquire Provident Trust Group, an independent administrator and custodian of over $3 billion of self-directed retirement accounts for around 20,000 high-net-worth clients that are invested in alternative assets."
"The Provident deal ties into the Paul Capital transaction, in that seven Paul Capital professionals will join Beneficient as underwriting executives ― charged with helping to study the various underlying assets of Provident clients, and then helping to devise liquidity strategies. The job also should expand, as Heppner says he wants to quickly multiply Provident's client base to around 200,000 (most likely via acquisitions)."
"As an aside, the capital pools of custodians like Provident is a holy grail for many private equity firms, which see them as one of the last untapped sources of new fund capital. The trouble has been getting direct access, but a balance sheet-based firm like Beneficient might be able to serve as the general marketing go-between because it isn't a fiduciary or broker-dealer (at least not right now). Instead, it earns money via account administration and liquidity transaction underwriting."
" Personnel note: Matt Carbonara has quietly rejoined Cisco Systems as a member of its corporate development and investments group. He previously was with Cisco between 2011 and 2013, before leaving to join Comcast Ventures (where his deals included AtScale, Zoomdata and DataStax)"
"Per his LinkedIn page, Carbonara will “lead a team responsible for sourcing, evaluating and executing venture investments & acquisitions in the IoT, collaboration and enterprise networking markets.”"
" Appreciation: Huge thanks to Erin Griffith for running Term Sheet over the past two weeks, and also to Michelle Toh for helping on the news blurbs. My vacations are made immeasurably more relaxing by knowing that this space is in good hands."
" TPG Capital has agreed to acquire regional broadband services providers RCN Telecom Services and Grande Communications Networks from ABRY Partners, via a pair of separate transactions valued at $1.6 billion and $650 million, respectively. The deals are expected to close in Q1 2017, with TPG merging the two companies. www.tpg.co"
" Galvanize, a Denver-based, has raised $45 million in Series B funding. ABS Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by Colorado Impact Fund, Haystack Partners, Greg Maffei, Aspen Grove Capital and return backer University Ventures. www.galvanize.co"
" Outfittery, a Berlin-based curated shopping service, has raised $22 million in new VC funding. Octopus Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Northzone Capital, Highland Europe, Holtzbrink Ventures and Mangrove Capital Partners. www.outfittery.co"
" Zenoti, a Mercer Island, Wash.-based provider of a cloud-based management platform for the spa and salon markets, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Norwest Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backer Accel Partners. www.zenoti.co"
" Firefly Games, a Los Angeles-based startup that aims to distribute top-grossing Asian mobile games to Western markets, has raised $8 million in new VC funding from Skyocean International Holdings, Ceyuan Ventures, and GuangZhou WinHi. www.fireflygames.co"
" HeavenHR, a Berlin-based HR management platform for small and mid-sized enterprises, has raised €6 million in Series A funding co-led by Target Global and Open Ocean. Read more"
" Onfido, a San Francisco-based identity verification and background checking provider, has raised an undisclosed amount of VC funding from Salesforce Ventures, Talis Capital and individual angels. www.onfido.co"
" Advent International has agreed to acquire Fort Dearborn Co., an Elk Grove, Ill.-based provider of prime labels for the consumer goods industry, from KRG Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed, although earlier media reports suggested an $800 million price-tag. Losing bidders included The Carlyle Group and CCMP Capital Partners. Read more"
" Aclara Technologies LLC, a Hazelwood, Mo.-based portfolio company of Sun Capital Partners, has acquired the smart grid business of Tollgrade Communications Inc., a Cranberry Township, Penn.-based portfolio company of Golden Gate Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.aclaratech.co"
" Axiom Materials, a Santa Ana, Calif.-based provider of composites development and manufacturing, has secured an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Sorenson Capital. www.axiommaterials.co"
" The Carlyle Group has agreed to acquire NetMotion Wireless Inc., a Seattle-based provider of mobile security software, from Clearlake Capital Group. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which is expected to close later this quarter. www.netmotionwireless.co"
" KKR is considering a takeover offer for Entertainment One Ltd. (LSE: ETO), a British television distributor that owns preschool cartoon Peppa Pig, according to Bloomberg. The possible approach comes after Entertainment One rejected a bid from ITV PLC (LSE: ITV). Entertainment One has a current market cap just north of £1 billion. Read more"
" Oncap has agreed to acquire Tecta America Corp., a Rosemont, Ill.-based provider of commercial roofing services, from Oaktree Capital Management. The deal is valued at $280 million. www.tectaamerica.co"
 There is no IPO news this morning
" Lonza Group (Swiss: LONN) has agreed to acquire InterHealth Nutraceuticals, a Benicia, Calif.-based maker of nutritional ingredients for makers of dietary supplements and functional foods, from Kainos Capital. The deal is valued at upwards of $300 million. Read more"
" Shanghai Electric Group Co Ltd. (HK: 2727) has acquired Broetje-Automation GmbH, a German maker of aviation equipment, from Deutsche Beteiligungs for approximately $219 million. Read more"
" Xylem Inc. (NYSE: XYL) is in talks to acquire Sensus USA Inc., a Raleigh, N.C.-based maker of smart meters for utilities, for around $1.7 billion (including debt), according to Reuters. Sensus currently is owned by private equity firm The Jordan Company. Read more"
 Mid-America Apartment Communities Inc. (NYSE: MAA) is in talks to acquire Atlanta-based apartment owner Post Properties Inc. (NYSE: PPS) for approximately $3.88 billion in stock. Read more
"North Heavy Industries Group Co. of China has acquired The Robbins Co., a Solon, Ohio-based maker of underground excavation construction machinery for tunnel boring projects. No financial terms were disclosed. www.skjsj.co"
" Univision reportedly is prepping a takeover offer for bankrupt Gawker Media, which is taking bids today. The floor was set at $90 million by Ziff Davis, with New York Magazine, Vox Media and Penske Media also possible bidders. Read more"
" William Hill (LSE: WMH), a UK-based bookmaker, has rejected a revised takeover offer from rivals 888 Holdings (LSE: 888) and the Rank Group (LSE: RNK), and said that it is ending such discussions. The final offer would have valued William Hill at approximately $4 billion. Read more"
" Expa Capital, the San Francisco startup studio led by Uber co-founder and chairman Garrett Camp, is raising upwards of $100 million for its second fund, according to an SEC filing. www.expa.co"
" Russ Fradin, the former CEO of SunGard and current operating partner with buyout firm Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, has joined the board of Hamilton Insurance Group, a Bermuda-based holding company for insurance and reinsurance operations. www.hamiltongroup.co"
 Krista Hatcher has joined Chicago Pacific Founders as a partner focused on investments in the healthcare and senior living sectors. She previously was a managing director with Kayne Anderson Capital. www.cpfounders.co
 Cameron Hewes has joined investment bank BMO Capital Markets as a Seattle-based managing director. He previously was a managing director for more than five years with Greene Holcomb Fisher. www.bmocm.co
 Alexander McCloskey has joined Singapore-based private equity firm Falcon House Partners as head of investor relations and business development. He previously was a partner and head of South Asia at Emerald Hill Capital Partners
" Sean Maddock has joined Z Capital Group as a managing director and operating partner, with a focus on the luxury hotel and destination resort management sectors. He previously was regional operations director at Evolution Hospitality. www.zcapgroup.ne"
 Amanda Persaud has joined Ropes & Gray as a partner. She previously led the private funds practice at Wachtell Lipson Rosen & Katz. www.ropes.co
 Travis Skelly has joined Citi Ventures as a senior vice president. He previously was director of investments with FinTech Collective. www.citi.co
" Hanneke Smits has agreed to join London-based Newton Investment Management as CEO. She served as chief investment officer for Adams Street Partners between 1997 and the end of 2014, and will succeed Helena Morrissey (who will become non-executive chair). Read more"
" Ihab Toma, a former Transocean executive who has been serving as a senior advisor to private equity firm First Reserve, has been named CEO of Vantage Drilling International. www.vantagedrilling.co"
" Thomas Zainos and Geoff Broglio have joined private equity firm Gemspring Capital as a partner and principal, respectively. Zainos previously was with Odyssey Investment Partners, while Broglio was with Kingswood Capital Management. www.gemspring.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some items to kick off your Tuesday...
" Carrying interest water: Both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have proposed tax plans that would include carried interest being reclassified as ordinary income. Or, put another way, they want to raise taxes on venture capitalists, private equity execs, hedge fund managers, etc"
"There's nothing new about a Democratic presidential nominee seeking to close the loophole (Barack Obama campaigned on this in both 2008 and 2012), but Trump's endorsement puts industry lobbying groups in an unfamiliar position of having to persuade both parties to maintain the status quo."
"So, not surprisingly, National Venture Capital Association CEO Bobby Franklin and chairman Venky Ganesan (a partner with Menlo Ventures) last week began their ""education"" campaign via an appearance on CNBC and corresponding column."
"My goal here isn't to litigate the merits of capital gains vs. ordinary income (I've been on the opposite side of this for a decade), but rather to highlight how the NVCA has chosen to reframe its argument (based, in large part, on a phone conversation I had yesterday with Franklin)."
"In the past, NVCA has argued that a change to carried interest tax treatment would result in a significant decrease of venture capital investments to U.S. startups. It was always specious, given that not a single VC would say on the record that they'd stop being a VC if the law was changed."
"So Franklin has abandoned that claim, acknowledging that ""current VCs will continue to invest."""
"His new tact is to argue that a tax treatment change would discourage the next generation of VCs from emerging, particularly in geographic regions outside of VC hotbeds like Silicon Valley, Boston and New York."
"""It's already hard for an entrepreneur in Northwest Arkansas, for example, to find venture investment,"" Franklin says. ""Why would we want to make it even harder?"""
"Pretty smart strategic shift, particularly given that the vast majority of Congresspeople don't represent one of the VC-favored zip codes. I'd still maintain my general argument that carried interest is an ordinary income, but Franklin has certainly pulled a reliable rhetorical arrow from my quiver."
" Personnel note: Alex Clayton is joining Spark Capital to focus on growth equity investments in the enterprise tech space, Fortune has learned. Expect a formal announcement later today"
"Clayton will be based in San Francisco, and previously was a senior associate with Redpoint Ventures (where he remains listed on the firm's website)."
" When bad things happen to bad people: Regular readers should be familiar with Gurbkash ""G"" Chahal, the serial ad-tech entrepreneur and inspirational speaker who fell from grace after brutally beating an ex-girlfriend (there was a video, but it wasn't admissible in court ― so he plead down to misdemeanor counts of domestic violence battery and battery)"
"Chahal eventually was booted from the company he founded, RadiumOne, after the VCs on its board realized they could no longer sweep Chahal's misdeeds under the rug. Chahal then went on to found another ad-tech company called Gravity4, but soon was accused on abuse by a different girlfriend. The police report (there were no criminal charges this time) were enough for a judge to determine that Chahal had violated probation, and he now could be facing up to a year in prison. He also has stepped down as CEO of Gravity4, with his sister taking the reins."
"The best piece I've seen so far on the latest machinations comes from Ellen Huet at Bloomberg, who has uncovered how Chahal's shady behavior extended to the boardroom ― including his creation of a fictional employee named Christian Gray (nope, he has zero self-awareness) that came complete with his own LinkedIn profile. Read Ellen's piece by going here."
" Velodyne LiDAR, a Morgan Hill, Calif.-based provider of  technology that lets self-driving cars see and avoid what’s around them, has raised $150 million in equity funding from Ford Motor Co. and Baidu. Read more"
" Hike, an Indian messaging app, has raised $175 million in Series D funding at a $1.4 billion valuation. Tencent was joined by return backers Tiger Global and Bharti SoftBank. Read more"
" Tioma Therapeutics Inc., a developer of antibodies for the treatment of solid and hematologic cancers, has raised $86 million in Series A funding. Backers include RiverVest Venture Partners, Novo Ventures, Roche Ventures Fund and S.R. One Ltd. The company has offices in St. Louis and Brisbane, Calif. www.tiomatherapeutics.co"
" Rubrik, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based provider of converged data management solutions, has raised $61 million in Series C funding. Khosla Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Lightspeed Venture Partners and Greylock. Read more"
" FloSports, a subscription-based director-to-consumer sports media company, has raised $21.2 million in new VC funding. DCM and Berlesmann Digital Media Investments co-led the round, and were joined by World Wrestling Entertainment, Discovery Communications and return backer Causeway Media Partners. www.flosports.t"
" ReviMedia Group BV, a New York-based provider of online lead generation and lead exchange solutions, has raised $12.5 million in equity funding from NewSpring Growth Capital. www.revimedia.co"
" Pixelligent Technologies, a Baltimore-based developer of OLED products, has raised $10.4 million in Series C funding. Backers include the Abell Foundation, the Bunting Family Office and David Testa (ex-T. Rowe Price). Read more"
" Degreed, a San Francisco-based platform for career and lifelong learning, has raised $3.5 million in new Series B funding from GSV Acceleration (bringing the round total to $25m). www.degreed.co"
" Oculis, an Iceland-based developer of a solubilizing nanoparticle drug delivery platform, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding co-led by Brunner Ventures and Silfuberg. www.oculispharma.co"
" Davalor Mold Corp., a Chesterfield, Mich.-based manufacturer of injection molded plastic products, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Blackford Capital. www.davalor.co"
" Norland Capital, Iconiq Capital and RIT Capital Partners have jointly acquired CSL, a UK-based provider of connectivity solutions for machine-to-machine communications, from Bowmark Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.csldual.co"
" Tall Tree Foods, a portfolio company of Altamont Capital Partners, has acquired The January Co., a Kent, Wash.-based manufacturer of Chinese-style meat products. No financial terms were disclosed. www.januarycompany.co"
" Topspin Partners has acquired a majority stake in Texas Family Fitness, an operator of fitness clubs in suburban Dallas, from founder Trevor Rogers (who will retain an ownership stake). No financial terms were disclosed. Going forward, the company will be led by new CEO Aaron Watkins, former president of Gold’s Gym International Inc. www.texasfamilyfitness.co"
" Trident Maritime Systems, a Virginia-based portfolio company of J.F. Lehman & Co., has agreed to acquire Callenberg Technology Group, a Swedish maker of HVAC, electrical energy management and insulation systems for commercial and government vessels, from Wilhelmsen Maritime Services AS. No financial terms were disclosed. www.tridentmaritimesystems.co"
 There is no IPO news this morning
" BullGuard, a London-based maker of anti-virus software, has agreed to acquire Dojo-Labs, an Israeli developer of IoT security solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. BullGuard has raised around $20 million in VC funding led by ePlanet Capital, while Dojo-Labs was seeded by Glilot Capital Partners. Read more"
" Essilor International (Paris: EI) has acquired UK-based online glasses retailer MyOptique. No financial terms were disclosed, although TechCrunch puts the price-tag at around €140 million. MyOptique had raised approximately £55 million in VC funding from firms like Acton Capital Partners, Beringea, Cipio Partners, GP Bullhound, Highland Capital Partners and Index Ventures. Read more"
" Samsung disclosed that it paid nearly $170 million in June to acquire Joyent, a San Francisco-based provider of application containers in the enterprise. No financial terms had been disclosed at the time. Joyent had raised over $225 million in VC funding, from firms like Intel Capital, Orascom TMT Investments, El Dorado Ventures, EPIC Ventures, Greycroft and LGI Ventures. www.joyent.co"
" Salesforce.com (NYSE: CRM) has acquired BeyondCore, a San Mateo, Calif.-based automated enterprise data analytics company that raised $9 million in Series A funding led by Menlo Ventures in 2014. No financial terms were disclosed for the acquisition. Read more"
" Snapchat has agreed to acquire Vurb, a San Francisco-based mobile search startup, for upwards of $185 million (including $75 million in retention bonuses and nearly $28 million in cash), according to The Information. Vurb had raised around $15 million, including a $12.83 million Series A round in 2014 ($21m pre-money valuation) led by Redpoint Ventures. www.vurb.co"
" Alimentation Couche-Tard (TSX: ATD), the Canadian owner of such convenience store chains as Circle K, is nearing an agreement to acquire CST Brands (NYSE: CST), a San Antonio, Texas-based convenience store chain with a market cap of nearly $3.4 billion, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Arch Capital (Nasdaq: AGCL), a Bermuda-based insurance and reinsurance company, is in talks to acquire mortgage guaranty business United Guaranty from A.I.G. (NYSE: AIG) for $3.4 billion. Read more"
" Praxair Inc. (NYSE: PX), a Danbury, Conn.-based industrial gas supplier, reportedly is in merger talks with German peer Linde AG (DE: LING). The combined company could be valued north of $60 billion. Read more"
" European Institutional Investor, publisher of benchmark metal pricing information service Metal Bulletin, has acquired Fast Markets, a UK-based provider of real-time commodities exchange market information, for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
" Unilever (LSE: ULVR) has agreed to acquire Blueair, a Sweden-based maker of mobile indoor air purification technologies. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Blueair generated $106 million in 2015 sales. www.unilever.co"
" Genesis Capital, a private equity fund led by former Tencent M&A exec Zhijian Peng, is raising upwards of $400 million for its debut fund, according to a regulatory filing"
" Susa Ventures, a San Francisco-based seed investment firm, has closed its second fund with $50 million in capital commitments. www.susaventures.co"
 Jeff Chapman has joined Wellington Financial as a Menlo Park-based partner and head of healthcare and life sciences. He previously led life sciences for Comerica Bank. www.wellingtonfund.co
" Michael Condon has joined Fund Evaluation Group as senior VP and outsourced chief investment officer, a new position focused on OCIO offerings to endowment and foundation clients. He previously was chief investment officer at Southern Methodist University, which has a $1.1 billion endowment. www.feg.co"
 Scott Gilbertson has joined private equity firm Pfingsten as a principal. He previously spent 12 years as a principal with The Riverside Company. www.pfingsten.co
 Industry Ventures has hired Nate Leung (ex-Bain Capital Ventures) and vice president and Justine Huang (ex-Goldman Sachs) as an associate. www.industryventures.co
 Shaun Mehra has joined healthcare-focused VC firm Longitude Capital to focus on medical device investments. He previously was an analyst with Silver Lake. www.longitudecapital.co
 Greg Melconian has joined Sagent Advisors as a New York-based managing director and head of industrials. He previously was a managing director and co-head of diversified industrials at BMO Capital Markets. www.sagentadvisors.co
" David Ollila has joined Skypoint Ventures, a Flint, Mich.-based VC firm, as VP of innovation. He previously was president of Snapperhead LLC. www.skypointventures.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
A few notes to kick off your Wednesday...
" Heavy Lyfting: During Fortune Brainstorm Tech last month, I asked GM president Dan Ammann and Lyft president John Zimmer if GM had either a purchase option or right of first refusal (ROFR), related to GM's $500 million investment into Lyft back in January. Not surprisingly, they didn't answer"
"This brings us to a story in The Information over the weekend headlined "" Lyft  Rebuffs Acquisition Approach from GM."" On first read it comes off like Lyft was coming from a position of strength and that GM doesn't actually have those purchase provisions. But, in reality, the story doesn't tell us very much about actual M&A discussions between GM and Lyft."
"First, it appears that Lyft didn't actually receive any takeover offers -- despite having hired Qatalyst, setting up a data room, etc. ROFRs are irrelevant is there are no bids. Second, there is no information on how much GM was willing to offer to buy Lyft. Was it at the $10 billion price that the company's bankers are said to have initially floated? At the $5.5 billion post-money price GM bought in at? Or did GM offer a fire-sale price that Lyft rejected out of hand and then expertly spun as Lyft having the upper hand?"
"Until we learn the price talk, we don't know much. Save for that GM has at least tacit interest in buying Lyft, which has always made sense as the third leg of a stool that already includes GM's core business and recent acquisition Cruise."
"It's also worth noting that one major Lyft investor tells me that he does not believe the company is currently raising a new round of funding, outside of the possibility of a strategic deal that includes equity."
" Speaking of ride-hailing: Ford Motor Co. yesterday announced that, by 2021, it would have cars without steering wheels or gas pedals ― with the majority its self-driving revenue coming from car-share and e-hail programs. Three quick thoughts on this"
"1. At Fortune Brainstorm E just two months ago, Bill Ford was asked what his company would look like in 2021, and he began his answer by saying: ""It's really hard to put a time-frame on anything because we're always wrong."" (video here)"
"2. It seems to me that this is the first step in Ford publicly acknowledging that its dealer network is an endangered species. If the company believes that autonomous fleets are the future ― let alone electric ones that require fewer repairs than do cars with internal combustion engines ― then the current sales model is doomed. And, as an aside, it also could mean big troubles for media companies that rely heavily on auto company advertising (h/t David Skok on that one)."
"3. Given how Ford views its future, it's notable that it didn't make a takeover bid for Lyft."
" Sponsor swap: Hudson Smith has joined tech-focused private equity firm Thoma Bravo as a partner, with an initial focus on the firm’s Discover Fund (lower middle-market software deals). He previously was a managing director with HGGC, and is not related to British Olympian Matthew Hudson-Smith (although that made my Google search a bit confusing this morning)"
"Expect a formal announcement from Thoma Bravo later today, which also will include the hiring of two new vice presidents: Matt Gilbert (ex-Summit Partners) and AJ Jangalapalli (just got MBA from Wharton)."
" Recommended reading: Today's big deal is that Univision (backed by private equity) has agreed to buy Gawker Media out of bankruptcy for $135 million. Fortune's John Jeff Roberts has a deep dive into Gawker's finances, suggesting that Gawker founder Nick Denton may still have the last laugh on legal antagonist Peter Thiel"
"Jeff writes: ""Gawker Media emptied its piggy bank well before a judge ruled in favor of [Hulk] Hogan."" Read it here."
 Quiz Time: Can you name the senior private equity secondaries pro who just quit in the midst of fundraising? Hint: He's going from one publicly-traded firm to another
" Change change change: Worth noting that Donald Trump's new campaign CEO Steve Bannon is a former investment banker, including with Goldman Sachs"
" Just linking around: Some of you asked for a shareable link to yesterday's discussion of the NVCA's new carried interest argument (even more of you savaged it, and we'll get to that in a mailbag column). So here it is"
" You ad here: Term Sheet has a few sponsorship opportunities left for the remainder of 2016. So get your message in front of your fellow readers, by shooting an email to Tim_Mullaly@timeinc.com"
" Univision has agreed to acquire Gawker Media out of bankruptcy for $135 million, beating out rival media company Ziff Davis"
"Univision currently is in registration for an IPO. Shareholders include Haim Saban, Madison Dearborn Partners, Thomas H. Lee Partners and TPG Capital. Read more."
" EventBoard, a Salt Lake City-based provider of cloud-based meeting tools and analytics, has raised $13.5 million in Series B funding. NGP led the round, and was joined by GE Ventures and return backers Greycroft Partners, Origin Ventures and Zetta Venture Partners. www.eventboard.i"
" Rotation Medical Inc., a Plymouth, Minn.-based developer of medical devices to treat rotator cuffs, has raised $12 million in new Series B funding (tranched out, with $8m up front). Return backers are NEA, Life Sciences Partners and Pappas Ventures. www.rotationmedical.co"
" Goop, Gwyneth Paltrow’s lifestyle website, has raised $10 million in Series B funding from NEA, Felix Capital and 14W Venture Partners. Read more"
" Stash, a New York-based investment platform for millennials, has raised $9.25 million in Series A funding. Goodwater Capital led the round, and was joined by Valar Ventures and Entrée Capital. www.stashinvest.co"
" EasyVista Inc., a New York-based provider of service management for IT organizations, has raised $8.4 million in new convertible debt funding from Isatis Capital, Alto Invest and Conversion Venture Capital. www.easyvista.co"
" Advent International has agreed to acquire Fortbras Group, a Brazilian distributor of aftermarket auto parts. No financial terms were disclosed. Fortbras will be led going forward by new CEO Roberto Szachnowicz, who previously led Grupo DPaschoal. Advent is transacting the deal via Gotemburgo Participações, a holding company focused on investments in the Brazilian aftermarket auto parts sector. www.adventinternational.co"
" CVC Capital Partners has made it to the second round of takeover bidding for South Korean kitchen appliance maker Tongyang Magic, which is being sold for around $450 million by NG-Glenwood, according to Reuters. Other remaining suitors reportedly include Hyundai Department Store Co., CJ Corp., SK Networks, Unid Co. and a pairing of AJ Networks Co. with Standard Chartered Private Equity. Read more"
" Equistone has acquired a majority stake in United Initiators, a German producer of specialty chemical initiators, from Vision Capital and Speyside Equity. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which was done in partnership with company management. www.united-initiators.co"
" Stone Canyon Industries has completed its previously-announced acquisition of BWAY Corp., an Atlanta-based manufacturer of rigid metal and plastic containers, from Platinum Equity for $2.4 billion. www.bwaycorp.co"
" Tier One Relocation, a Weirton, W.V.-based residential relocation services provider for military personnel, has acquired the military division of Arpin Van Lines. No financial terms were disclosed. Tier One is a portfolio company of Southfield Capital. www.arpin.co"
" Vista Equity Partners  completed its previously-announced $1.79 billion purchase of  Marketo Inc.,  a San Mateo, Calif.-based provider of cloud-based engagement marketing software, for around $1.79 billion.  Marketo   shareholders had included Storm Ventures (5.63% stake) and Battery Ventures (1.14%). Vista Equity also held a 1.88% position.  www.marketo.co"
 There is no IPO news this morning
" Twich, a videogame streaming platform owned by Amazon, has acquired Curse, a Huntsville, Ala.-based online gaming community. No financial terms were disclosed. Curse had raised around $71 million in VC funding, including a $30 million Series C round last year at a post-money valuation of nearly $160 million. Backers include Riot Games, GGV Capital, IDInvest Partners, SoftTech VC and Ventech Capital. Read more"
" Madison Square Garden Co. (NYSE: MSG) has acquired a 12% stake, or 3.2 million shares, in radio station and website operator Townsquare (NYSE: TSQ) from GE Capital, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Ola, an India-based taxi e-hail company, has shut down TaxiForSure, a smaller rival it acquired last year for approximately $200 million. Ola backers include SoftBank Capital, Sequoia Capital, Steadview Capital, Matrix Partners India and Tiger Global Management. Read more"
" Universal Robina Corp., a listed Philippine snack and beverage maker, has agreed to acquire Snack Brands Australia for A$600 million. Read more"
" Brixey & Meyer Capital, a lower middle-market private equity fund focused on Ohio, has closed a new fund with $18 million in capital commitments. www.brixeyandmeyercapital.co"
" Timothy Bluth and Sam Halls have joined Shamrock Capital Advisors as a vice president and senior associate, respectively. Bluth previously was a senior associate with The Gores Group, while Halls was an associate with Silver Lake Sumeru before leaving to get his MBA at Stanford. www.shamrockcap.co"
 Mark Emmen has joined private equity firm Goldner Hawn Johnson & Morrison as CFO and chief administrative officer. He previously was CFO of former GHJM portfolio company Transport America. www.ghjm.co
 Sean Kelley has joined private equity firm Gridiron Capital as a principal and director of business development. He previously was a VP of investment banking at BB&T Capital Markets. www.gridironcapital.co
 Kevin O’Donnell is joining Adams Street Partners as a partner and global head of business development and investor relations. He previously was a managing director with BlackRock. www.adamsstreetpartners.co
" Bill Paape has stepped down as CEO of Santé Ventures, in order to rejoin audio and video conferencing company Lifesize as CFO.  www.lifesize.co"
 Kristin Steele has joined investor relations firm Carolon Capital as a Charlotte-based VP and U.S. head of client services. She previously was president and head of marketing and business development for Ikonic Fund Services USA. www.caroloncapital.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Jonathan Costello has quietly resigned as managing director and head of secondaries private equity for Morgan Stanley, even though he was leading a $1 billion-targeted fundraise for a GP restructuring fund. Word is that his next stop will involve moving from the buy-side to the sell-side, as a partner with Park Hill Group (the alternatives placement agency that spun out of Blackstone via the PJT Partners formation)."
"Costello's role at Park Hill will, in part, be to fill the shoes left by the fired Andrew Casperson, whose own shoes soon will be prison-issued."
"No word yet on what this means for the Morgan Stanley fundraising (which is said to have secured at least a couple hundred million in commitments), as neither Costello nor anyone else at the firm returned requests for comment (Park Hill also declined)."
"Costello joined Morgan Stanley Investment Management at the beginning of 2014, before which he led private equity secondaries at  Susquehanna International Group. Other stops during his 22-year career have included SSG Capital Advisors and Safeguard Scientifics."
" Speaking of secondary stuff: Gerald Cooper has stepped down as global co-head of secondary market advisory at UBS, as we first reported yesterday on the site. He had been a New York-based executive with the Swiss bank since 2004, and had helped lead its private equity secondaries banking group since 2013"
"Cooper’s last day at UBS was this past Monday, although he remains listed on the firm’s website. There is no word on if Cooper will be replaced, or if fellow co-head Philip Tsai will assume full management of the group, which helps institutional investors find buyers for private equity assets."
"Multiple sources say that Cooper’s next stop will be private markets advisory firm Campbell Lutyens, after a couple months of “garden leave.” He will remain based in New York, where London-based Campbell Lutyens is in the process of significantly expanding its team via both new hires and relocations. No comment from any of the relevant parties, natch."
" Capital calendar: Wal-Mart reported Q2 earnings this morning, but didn't say too much about its pending Jet.com acquisition. Probably because Wal-Mart doesn't actually have an analyst call where it responds to actual questions (it's good to be the king, apparently)"
"One item worth noting, however, was that Wal-Mart plans to close on the deal ""near the beginning of the fourth quarter of FY 2017."" For Wal-Mart, that quarter kicks off at the beginning of this November."
"The reason that matters is that Jet held a first close on its giant Series B round on Nov. 24, 2015 (per a Fidelity report, which excludes roll-over from investors who came in via a prior bridge financing). A second close came in January. If Wal-Mart completes the deal, say, on November 10 -- then all of those new Series B investors will be stuck paying ordinary income on their profits from the $3 billion cash sale, rather than capital gains (which require at least a year of hold-time for preferable rates)."
" Email glitch: Mary Meeker is not leaving Kleiner Perkins, where she leads the firm's digital growth practice (which just raised a large new fund). If that sounds obvious, then you weren't following my Twitter account yesterday, which noted how emails to Meeker bounced back with a message saying that she was moving on ""to embark on a new adventure."" Seems Meeker was simply on vacation and her emails were behind auto-forwarded to a former assistant who, indeed, has left KPCB"
 Hold up: You're not following my Twitter account? Rectify that situation immediately. (please)
" Nutrinia Ltd., an Israeli developer of an oral formulation of insulin for intestinal malabsorption in preterm newborns and SBS in infants, has raised $30 million in Series D funding. TPG Biotech led the round, and was joined by HIG BioHealth Partners, WuXi Health Ventures and return backers like OrbiMed Advsors and Pontifax. www.nutrinia.co"
" ID Experts, a Portland, Ore.-based provider of software and services for cyber breach and identity fraud protection, has raised $27.5 million in new VC funding. Peloton Equity and Trident Capital Cybersecurity co-led the round, and were joined by return backers BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners and the Sandbox Advantage Fund. www.idexpertscorp.co"
" Avelas Biosciences Inc., a San Diego-based developer of targeted cancer therapeutics, has raised $20 million in Series C funding. Pharmstandard International led the round, and was joined by Ervington Investments, Alexandria Venture Investments and return backers Avalon Ventures, Bregua Corp. and WuXi Healthcare Ventures. Read more"
" NextHealth, a Denver-based healthcare analytics platform aimed at reducing costs for insurers, has raised $8.5 million in Series A funding from Norwest Venture Partners. Read more"
" VUV Analytics Inc., an Austin, Texas-based developer of vacuum ultraviolet absorption spectroscopy, has raised $6.5 million in Series B funding. New Science Ventures led the round, and was joined by S3 Ventures. www.vuvanalytics.co"
" DriveTribe, a London-based digital media platform focused on “motoring and adventure,” has raised $5.5 million in Series A funding. Breyer Capital led the round and was joined by Atomico and individual angels. www.drivetribe.co"
" Happify, a New York-based provider of emotional wellbeing and mental health software, has raised $5 million in VC funding from Marketplace Fund II and Hills Capital. www.happifyhealth.co"
" ZeroCater, a San Francisco-based corporate catering startup, has raised $4.1 million in new VC funding from Romulus Capital and Struck Capital. The deal was done at a valuation north of $100 million. www.zerocater.co"
" Netlify, a startup for building, deploying and hosting static sites or apps that is integrated with GitHub, has raised $2.1 million in VC funding from Bloomberg Beta and Tank Hill Ventures. Read more"
" Instavest, a social investing platform, has raised $1.7 million in seed funding from backers like Y Combinator and Cherubic Ventures. Read more"
" ARCOS, a SaaS platform for utility repair crews, has acquired SAMsix, a provider of mobile damage assessment software and crew location services for utilities. No financial terms were disclosed. ARCOS is owned by The Riverside Company. www.riversidecompany.co"
" Genoa, a Tukwila, Wash.-based portfolio company of Advent International, has acquired the Behavioral Health and Residential Care Services division of Advanced Care, including 13 pharmacies in Michigan. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which is expected to close next month. www.genoa-qol.co"
" Institutional Shareholder Services, a portfolio company of Vestar Capital Partners, has acquired iiWisdom, a San Francisco-based provider of interactive governance solutions for companies and their institutional investors. Sellers include Schooner Capital. Read more. www.iiwisdom.co"
" Aritzia LP, a Canadian women’s fashion retailer backed by private equity firm Berkshire Partners, has filed for an IPO on the Toronto Stock Exchange.  CIBC, BofA Merrill Lynch Canada and TD Securities are serving as underwriters. Read more"
" Enlightenment Capital has sold Vistronix, a Reston, Va.-based provider of national security systems and services to intelligence, federal civilian and defense agencies, to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Arctic Slope Regional Corp. No financial terms were disclosed. www.asrc.co"
" Golden Gate Capital has agreed to sell Phillips-Medisize Corp., a Hudson, Wis.-based provider of outsourced design and manufacturing services for the medical industry, to Molex LLC, an interconnect solutions manufacturer owned by Koch Industries. No financial terms were disclosed. www.phillipsmedisize.co"
" Golden Gate Capital is exploring sale options for Clover Technologies, a Hoffman Estates, Ill.-based collector and recycler of cellphones and empty printer cartridges, according to Reuters. A deal could value Clover at around $1.5 billion, with Morgan Stanley running the process. Read more"
" American Apparel, a Los Angeles-based teen clothing retailer that emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy six months ago, has hired Houlihan Lokey to explore a sale, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Daetwyler Holding of Switzerland said that it will not raise its £792 million bid for  Premier   Farnell  PLC (NYSE: PFL), a British maker of the Raspberry Pi mini-computer, making it likely that Avnet (NYSE: AVT) will win the deal. Read more"
" Gannett Co. (NYSE: GCI) has sweetened its existing (and rejected) $15 per share takeover offer for Tronc Inc., publisher of the Los Angeles Times and Chicago Tribune, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Merck & Co. (NYSE: MRK) has submitted an indication of interest in buying Medivation (Nasdaq: MDVN), a San Francisco-based cancer drug company currently valued at $11 billion, according to Reuters. Medivation said earlier this summer that it is open to a possible acquisition, after having previously rejected a $9.3 billion bid from Sanofi (which remains one of five drug companies, including Merck, to have expressed interest this time around). Read more"
" Uber has acquired Otto, a developer of self-driving technologies for trucks, according to Bloomberg. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" United Bankshares Inc. (Nasdaq: UBSI) is in talks to buy rival commercial and consumer lender Cardinal Financial Corp. (Nasdaq: CFNL) in an all-stock transaction, according to Reuters. Cardinal has a current market cap of around $884 million. Read more"
 Goldman Sachs Alternative Investments has acquired a minority stake in the management company of Connecticut-based private equity firm Littlejohn & Co. No financial terms were disclosed. www.littlejohnllc.co
 Mauro Rossi has joined Perella Weinberg Partners as a managing director in its advisory business. He also will be a member of the firm’s financial institutions group. He previously was with Morgan Stanley as an executive director focused on M&A in the insurance industry. www.pwpartners.co
"Kassie Taylor has joined THL Credit Advisors as a director focused on business development, product development and marketing. She previously was with Graycliff Partners. www.thlcredit.com"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Yesterday we discussed how the timing of Jet.com's acquisition by Wal-Mart could have negative tax implications for Jet.com's venture capital investors. Three other Jet.com acquisition notes:
"1. We've learned from multiple sources that the effective cash sale price works out to $9 per Jet.com share. That's a nifty premium on the $4.9879 per share Series B-1 price (that was the deal that closed 11/24/15), and means a huge payday for Jet.com co-founder and CEO Marc Lore. Sources say that Lore currently holds more than 50 million shares, of which he'll sell around 20% up-front, with the rest continuing to vest (per his agreement to take over all of Wal-Mart's ecommerce operations, in addition to continuing to lead Jet). Moreover, Lore is theoretically in line to receive around two-thirds of the $300 million in potential stock earn-outs that are on top of the $3 billion cash sale price."
"2. What that $9 per share price also means is that Eric Martin is in line for around $900,000 (pre-tax), not $20 million. Who is Eric Martin? He's the bath installation guy who last year won a Jet.com contest about who could get the most new users to sign up for the service (he spent around $18k on ads). The prize was 100,000 shares -- which some news reports suggested could be valued at upwards of $20 million. I'm thinking that Martin will still be okay with his 50x return on investment..."
"3. Much like with the Unilever/Dollar Shave Club situation from last month, discussions between Jet.com and Wal-Mart were about a strategic investment before they were about an acquisition. In fact, a minority equity deal was still being bandied about just days before that sale papers were signed (perhaps as part of a Series C round, which was planned for Q4). You also may recall that Wal-Mart had offered to buy Lore's last company, Quidsi, for around $600 million -- but Lore stuck with an agreement to sell to Amazon (which had engaged in very questionable competitive practices against the upstart). “The Quidsi executives stuck with Amazon, largely out of fear,” wrote author Brad Stone, in his 2013 book, The Everything Store. Wal-Mart also had expressed interest in participating in Jet's Series A round, but it didn't come to fruition."
"No comment from Lore, Jet or Wal-Mart."
" Done deal: JDA Software, a provider of supply chain and retail management software, this morning announced a $570 million refinancing agreement with The Blackstone Group and existing majority owner New Mountain Capital. This appears to mean that JDA is no longer in talks to be acquired by Honeywell (for a reported $3 billion), although JDA CEO Bal Dail declined to comment on Honeywell during a call this morning. He did say that the deal will cut JDA's annual interest payments by around $70 million per year"
" Recommended reading: Rothenberg Ventures, a small VC group focused primarily on AR/VR startups, appears to be imploding. TechCrunch has the details, including talk of employee departures, profligate spending and an apparent SEC investigation. Here you go"
 Have a great weekend
 Apollo Global Management has formed a supply chain partnership with Nike Inc. (NYSE: NKE). The deal involves Apollo forming a new logistics platform that has acquired two companies ― apparel maker New Holland and embellishment/logistics business ArtFx ― for an undisclosed amount. Nike is not providing capital as part of the arrangement. Read more
" Ecobee, a Toronto-based smart thermostat maker, has raised $35 million in new VC funding from the Amazon Alexa Fund, Thomvest and Relay Ventures. www.ecobee.co"
" CellSavers, an on-demand mobile repair platform, has raised $15 million in Series A funding. Carmel Ventures led the round, and was joined by seed backer Sequoia Capital. www.cellsavers.co"
" Heap, a San Francisco-based analytics infrastructure startup, has raised $11 million in Series A funding. NEA led the round, and was joined by Menlo Ventures and return backers SV Angel, Initialized Capital and Pear. www.heapanalytics.co"
" Dexter, a New York-based bot building platform, has raised $2.3 million in seed funding. Rakuten Ventures led the round, and was joined by Social Starts and Betaworks. www.rundexter.co"
" NVBots, a Boston-based developer of automated 3D printing solutions, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding led by Woodman Asset Management. www.nvbots.co"
" DevMynd, a Chicago-based digital innovation consulting firm, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding from Motorola Solutions Venture Capital. www.devmynd.co"
" AGI Holdings, a portfolio company of J.F. Lehman & Co., has acquired Aircraft Appliances and Equipment Ltd., a Canada-based provider of filtration systems, marine valves and tachometer generators to national defense departments. No financial terms were disclosed. www.jflpartners.co"
" Arsenal Capital Partners has led a recapitalization of WIRB-Copernicus Group, a Princeton, N.J.-based provider of regulatory and ethical review services for human clinical research. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which also included an equity investment from MSD Capital. www.wgcclinical.co"
" The Blackstone Group and New Mountain Capital have agreed to recapitalize JDA Software Group, a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based provider of supply chain and retail management software, via a $570 million equity investment. New Mountain is the company's existing owner, and the deal comes as an alternative to a reported $3 billion purchase offer from Honeywell International (NYSE: HON). www.jda.co"
" Gryphon Investors has acquired Smile Brands Group Inc., an Irvine, Calif.-based provider of support services to dental practices. Sellers include Welsh Carson Anderson & Stowe. No financial terms were disclosed. www.smilebrands.co"
" LFM Capital has invested in Vektek LLC, a St. Joseph, Mo.-based maker of hydraulic clamps and related products used to secure parts during the metal cutting process associated with computer numeric control machining. No financial terms were disclosed. www.vektek.co"
" TA Associates has acquired a minority stake in TCNS Clothing Co., a New Delhi-based branded women’s apparel platform. The deal is valued at $140 million. www.ta.co"
" Vista Equity Partners has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Granicus, a Denver-based provider of government efficiency and transparency software, from K1 Investment Management. No financial terms were disclosed. www.granicus.co"
 No IPO news today (which is becoming the default message in this space)
" Rakuten (Tokyo: 4755) has acquired the assets of Bitnet, a San Francisco-based bitcoin wallet startup. No financial terms were disclosed. Bitnet had raised in a $14.5 million Series A round in 2014 from Highland Capital Partners and Rakuten. Read more"
" Bridgeport Capital has acquired the private equity business of Australia-based Hawkesbridge Private Equity, in which it already held a majority interest. Hawkesbridge’s real estate investment business will remain independent. Read more"
" Darwin Ventures is raising upwards of $100 million for its fourth VC fund-of-funds, according to a regulatory filing. www.darwinvc.co"
" Pejman Mar Ventures has rebranded as Pear, and closed on $75 million for its second seed-stage VC fund. Read more"
 Prem Mohan Raj has joined British private equity firm NorthEdge Capital as chief financial officer. He previously was CFO for LivingBridge. www.northedgecapital.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some very quick notes to kick off your Monday...
" Private prison equity: The U.S. Justice Department made business news last week, announcing that it would end its use of private prisons, following a report that such facilities ""incurred more safety and security incidents per capita"" than did government-run federal prisons"
"It does not appear that the move directly impacts any private equity holdings, as the two big private operators of federal prisons are both publicly-listed ― Corrections Corp. of America (NYSE: CXW) and GEO Group (NYSE: GEO). But private equity does have limited exposure to private prison operators on the state level. For example, NewSpring Capital is among the shareholders in Community Education Centers, a New Jersey-based operator of jails an court-ordered rehab facilities (i.e., halfway houses). Such deals could prove problematic if the federal safety data is replicated at the state and local level."
"More broadly speaking, private equity has all sorts of exposure within the prison system, from food to clothing to healthcare. For example, GTCR owns Correct Care Solutions, which provides mental and behavioral health services to inmates. Or Evergreen Pacific Partners' stake in Good Source Solutions, which provides food to prison cafeterias."
" Heaving Lyfting: Last week we discussed how Lyft had run a legitimate auction process (data room, etc.) but didn't receive any formal takeover offers. Not even from existing strategic investors General Motors or Didi Chuxing. On Friday, the NY Times moved the story forward by noting that other strategic suitors approached by Lyft's bankers at Qatalyst included Amazon, Apple, Google and Uber"
" Next up: The SEC is now investigating Silver Lake over its use of accelerated monitoring fees, per the WSJ. The issue is, per usual, whether or not the private equity firm adequately disclosed such fees to its limited partners (who, apparently, continue to be under very little obligation to pay attention). There has not yet been any allegation of wrongdoing by Silver Lake"
" New fund alert: Retired NBA star Kobe Bryant has been angel investing in tech startups for years, but today is formalizing the process via the launch of a firm called Bryant Stibel"
"Its inaugural fund is $100 million, all coming from Kobe and his partner, Dun & Bradstreet vice chairman Jeff Stibel (who previously was CEO of D&B Credibility Corp., where LinkedIn profiles suggest that two of the new firm's junior staffers may still work). Unclear if the firm's investment thesis will be spray and pray, or if Kobe's on-court strategy isn't being transferred to the board room (note: Term Sheet is written by an unabashed Celtics fan)."
" Watchoo got? Just a quick reminder that if you want to feed me some info without your fingerprints attached, please use our anonymous   tip  form"
" Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) has agreed to acquire cancer drug company Medivation (Nasdaq: MDVN) for around $14 billion in cash, or $81.20 per share (21.35% premium to Friday’s closing price). Read more"
" Virtru, a Washington, D.C.-based provider of encryption and data protection solutions, has raised $29 million in Series A funding. Bessemer Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by NEA, Soros Fund Management, Haystack Partners, Quadrant Capital Advisors and Blue Delta Capital. www.virtru.co"
" InsiteVR, a provider of virtual reality-based modeling solutions for architects, has raised $1.5 million in seed funding. Backers include Y Combinator, CyberAgent Ventures, GREE VR Fund and individual angels. Read more"
" Charlesbank Capital Partners has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Polyconcept, a Dutch provider of promotional products, from Investcorp and 3i Group. Partners Group and company management also participated as equity investors. No financial terms were disclosed. www.polyconcept.co"
" Goldman Sachs and EastBridge Partners have agreed to acquire a majority stake in Happycall Co. Ltd., a South Korean maker of cookware and kitchen appliances, from company founder Hyun Sam Lee (who will retain a minority stake). Read more"
" InfoVista, a France-based portfolio company of Apax Partners, has agreed to acquire TEMS, a provider of wireless networks monitoring solutions, from Ascom (Swiss: ASCM). No financial terms were disclosed. www.infovista.co"
" Kelso & Co. has acquired Physicians Endoscopy LLC, a Charlotte, N.C.-based owner and manager of 42 endoscopic surgery centers, from Pamlico Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.pamlicocapital.co"
" Pathway Partners Vet Holding LLC, an Austin, Texas-based veterinary hospital owner and operator, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Morgan Stanley Global Private Equity. www.pathwayvets.co"
" Patricia Industries, a portfolio company of Investor AB, has agreed to acquire Laborie Medical Technologies, an Ontario-based provider of medical devices for urological, pelvic health and gastrointestinal applications. No financial terms were disclosed. The seller is Audax Private Equity. www.laborie.co"
 Platinum Equity has agreed to acquire the Foam Plastic Solutions and Flow Control Devices businesses of Singapore-listed Broadway Industrial Group Ltd. for an undisclosed amount. www.bw-grp.co
" Weller Equity Partners has acquired KFI Seating, a Louisville, Ky.-based provider of business and institutional furniture products. No financial terms were disclose."
"  Everbridge Inc., a Burlington, Mass.-based provider of critical communications and enterprise safety applications, has filed for a $90 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol EVBG, with Credit Suisse and BofA Merrill Lynch serving as co-lead underwriters. The company reports a $6 million net loss on $35.6 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to a $3.2 million net loss on $27.3 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Shareholders include ABS Ventures (31.2% pre-IPO stake). www.everbridge.co"
" Meitu, a Chinese selfie-app maker, has filed in Hong Kong for an IPO that could raise between $500 million and $1 billion. Shareholders include China Resources Capital, Trustbridge, Tencent, DST Global, TBP Capital Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, Baillie Gifford, CDB Kai Yuan Capital Management, Capital Today and Temasek. Read more"
" Thar Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Pittsburgh-based developer of oral therapies for serious or life-threatening conditions like complex regional pain syndrome, has filed for a $50 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol THAR, with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey serving as lead underwriter. Backers include Innovation Works. www.tharpharma.co"
" ABRY Partners has agreed to sell Language Line Services, a Monterey, Calif.-based provider of on-demand language interpretation services, to Teleperformance (Paris: RCF) for $1.52 billion. Language Line had pulled a proposed IPO in 2013, and last year refinanced its debt. ABRY paid $720 million to purchase the company in 2004. www.languageline.co"
" Apple has acquired Gliimpse, a personal health data startup Glippmpse, according to Fast Company. Read more"
" Renesas Electronics (Tokyo: 6723) reportedly is in talks to acquire Intersil (Nasdaq: ISIL), a Milpitas, Calif.-based chipmaker, for around $3 billion. Read more"
" Zhang Zhiyong, chairman of telecom firm Beijing Miteno Communication Technology, is leading a Chinse investor consortium that has agreed to acquire Austin, Texas-based adtech company Media.net for around $900 million in cash. Read more"
 Brooklyn Bridge Ventures has closed its second fund with $15 million in capital commitments. www.brooklynbridge.v
" Ben Davis has joined law firm Proskauer as a London-based partner in the firm’s finance practice, with a particular focus on leveraged transactions. He previously was with Reed Smith. www.proskauer.co"
" Lydia Gavalis has joined Hamilton Lane as deputy general counsel, in preparation of the early 2017 retirement of existing general counsel Robert Cleveland. Gavalis previously was general counsel for SEI (Nasdaq: SEIC). www.hamiltonlane.co"
" Urjit Patel has been named head of India’s central bank, where he had been a deputy governor. Read more"
 Philippe Schenk has joined private equity firm J.W. Childs Associates as a managing director and head of investor relations. He previously was a principal with Grove Street Advisors. J.W. Childs also has hired Kyle Casella (ex-Weston Presidio) as a vice president and Jess Yuan as an associate. www.jwchilds.co
" Ken Trent has joined Hidden Harbor Capital Partners as an operating partner, with a focus on industrial businesses. He previously was owner and president of Professional Power Products. www.hh-cp.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Yesterday we mentioned how Kobe Bryant had formally launched a new VC firm with Jeff Stibel (vice chair of Dun & Bradstreet), with $100 million in capital committed by the pair. I subsequently spent some time on the phone with Stibel, and learned a few more details:"
"1. Several executives with Dun & Bradstreet– whose Credibility business Stibel helped take private in a PE-backed deal, before re-merging it with the former parent company ― also are helping to work for the new firm, but there is no formal business relationship between the two organizations. Among the dual operators are Peter Delgrosso (chief biz development officer at D&B) and Jeremy Loeb (director of product at D&B Credibility)."
"2. Stibel says the $100 million figure is legit (i.e., they committed the money), but was mainly picked because “otherwise it seemed too nebulous.” He adds that it’s possible the group will at some point solicit outside limited partners, but there are no current plans to do so."
"3. More on yesterday’s rollout rationale: “We would have been happy not doing any announcement and keeping this quiet for another 30 years. But, with Kobe retiring it was becoming more difficult. In the early days when we were investing together, we’d tell companies that if they needed to disclose our involvement, to just pick either me or Kobe instead of both of us together… The other reason is that we got asked to do the opening bell on the New York Stock Exchange [which happened yesterday] and thought it was an amazing opportunity to show off 15 or so of our portfolio company CEOs.”"
"4. I also asked Stibel if he was concerned about being able to attract female entrepreneurs, given the 2003 rape allegations against Bryant. His reply, as first reported in this piece by my colleague @kayelbee: “I think it is completely irrelevant and largely water under the bridge. A huge chunk of our portfolio company CEOs are women, and more than half of my senior executives [at Dun & Bradstreet] are female.”"
" What goes up, must come down: Evercore has released new survey data on secondaries, showing that the $17 billion of first-half transaction volume in the first half of 2016 was down 17% from the same period in 2015. Perhaps not surprisingly, Evercore also found that secondary dry powder hit a record $70 billion in the first half, compared to $55 billion one year earlier"
"Within the transaction data, private equity secondaries were off 18%, real asset secondaries were down by 30% and infrastructure secondaries climbed by 50%. In terms of the capital pool, around 80% of the current dry powder is controlled by just 19 firms. Moreover, the amount of secondaries money is expected to grow substantially this year, with around $30 billion targeted for H2 2016 raises."
" Down south: There has been a lot of political talk this month about the Clinton Foundation, but did you know that the organization has a private equity fund? Or at least that it did? Or that it still does? Again, it's pretty confusing and the Foundation isn't exactly being responsive to my inquiries"
"The platform is called Fondo Acceso, and is focused on small and mid-sized enterprises in Colombia. It was formed in 2010 as a joint venture between the Clinton Foundation, Carlos Slim's charitable foundation and Canadian mining magnate Frank Giustra. Per tax filings, it appears that the effort only has made a few investments ― totaling around $2.6 million of Foundation money ― with a net loss as of last check. Per those same filings, the Clinton Foundation staffers working on Fondo Acceso are not personally eligible for a stake in investment profits."
"Last November, the right-leaning Washington Free Beacon wrote about Fondo Acceso, saying that it was not registered to operate in Colombia. A subsequent NY Post editorial referred to Fundo Acceso as a ""secret investment fund,"" even though its existence was publicly recorded in both the aforementioned tax documents and press releases like this one (hopefully the NY Post editorial board will soon learn about Google)."
"Following those stories, however, the Fondo Acceso website disappeared. Completely. Even though its portfolio companies still appear to exist."
"To be clear, the actual deals don't seem controversial (or terribly lucrative -- more focused on economic development, in keeping with The Clinton Foundation's stated mission). Nor is it unheard of for charitable organizations to make investments in private enterprises. But, as I said, my calls and emails to the Clinton Foundation have gone unanswered. And it's unclear if the registration issue was addressed. So either it's just the Foundation's media office under siege, or there is a less generous reason for its lack of communication."
" Oops: Yesterday I gave the wrong link for our anonymous tip form, even though it is my favorite of all our links. So if you want to feed me some info without your fingerprints attached, please use this: http://fortune.com/term-sheet-tips"
" Quanergy Systems Inc., a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based provider of solid state LiDAR sensors and smart sensing solutions, has raised $90 million at a valuation north of $1 billion. Backers include Sensata Technologies (NYSE: ST), Delphi Automotive (NYSE: DLPH), Samsung Ventures, Motus Ventures and GP Capital. Read more"
" LendUp, a San Francisco-based direct lender focused on non-prime borrowers, has raised $47.5 million in Series C funding. Y Combinator Continuity led the round, and was joined by return backers Google Ventures, Thomvest Ventures, QED Investors, Data Collective, Susa Ventures, Radicle Impact, Bronze Investments and SV Angel. Read more"
" Singlera Genomics, a non-invasive genetic testing company based in both Shanghai and La Jolla, Calif., has raised $20 million in Series A funding. Lilly Asia Ventures led the round, and was joined by Green Pine Capital Partners and CDBI Partners. www.singleragenomics.co"
" Vyome Biosciences, a New Delhi-based developer of medicines for treating skin diseases caused by resistant microbes, has raised $14 million in Series C funding. Perceptive Advisors led the round, and was joined by Romulus Capital and return backers Kalaari Capital, Sabre Partners and Aarin Capital. www.vyome.i"
" ThreatQuotient, a Reston, Va.-based provider of a threat intelligence platform, has raised $12 million in Series B funding. NEA led the round, and was joined by return backers Blu Venture Investors and the Center for Innovative Technology. www.threaquotient.co"
" Logikcull, a San Francisco-based legal intellifence startup, has raised $10 million in new VC funding. OpenView Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backer Storm Ventures. www.logikcull.co"
" MediaBrix, a New York-based provider of contextual and “emotionally-targeted” mobile brand experiences, has raised $6.5 million in new funding from Edison Partners, Revel Partners and Horizon Technology Finance. www.mediabrix.co"
" Amylyx Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Cambridge, Mass.-based drug startup focused on treating ALS and other neurodegenerative diseases, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. Morningside Ventures led the round, and was joined by the ALS Investment Fund and Henri Tarmeer. www.amylyx.co"
" Bitfinder, maker of an air quality monitor, has raised $4.5 million in Series A funding. Altos Ventures led the round, and was joined by Samsung Ventures. Read more"
" Journi, an Austria-based travel journal app, has raised €400,000 in seed funding from the Austrian Federal Promotional Bank. Read more"
" Cliqz, a German anti-tracking browser, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Mozilla. Read more"
" Lemonade, a New York-based P2P insurance startup, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from XL Innovate. www.lemonade.co"
" Cinven has agreed to acquire Bioclinica, a Newtown, Penn.-based provider of clinical trial services and technology to contract research organizations and drug companies, from JLL Partners and Water Street Healthcare Partners for $1.4 billion. Read more"
" Sentinel Capital Partners has acquired Quick Weight Loss Centers, an owner and operator of 32 weight loss management centers in Texas and Florida. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which also included a minority equity investment from Skyline Global Partners. www.sentinelpartners.co"
" Syncsort, a Woodcliff Lake, N.J.-based portfolio company of Clearlake Capital Group, has acquired Cogito Ltd., a UK-based mainframe software company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.syncsort.co"
" Thoma Bravo has completed its previously-announced $3 billion, or $30.50 per share, take-private acquisition of Qlik Technologies Inc., a Radnor, Penn.-based provider of business intelligence software. www.thomabravo.co"
"  Trade Desk Inc., a Ventura, Calif.-based self-serve digital ad platform, has filed for an $86.25 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TTD, with Citigroup serving as left lead underwriter. The company reports $6.6 million of net income on $76 million in revenue for the first six months of 2016, compared to 5.7 million of net income on $42 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Investors include IA Ventures (19.8% pre-IPO stake), Founder Collective (14.1%), Wellington Management (11.5%) and Highwind (7%). www.thetradedesk.co"
" Abraaj Group is seeking to sell its 66% stake in listed Pakistani utility K-Electric Ltd., which currently has an overall market cap of around $2.3 billion. Shanghai Electric Power said that it has made a bid for at least some of Abraaj’s stake. Read more"
" Clearspring Capital Partners has hired BMO Capital Markets and Harris Williams to find a buyer for Medical Pharmacies Group, a Canadian provider of drug services to nursing homes, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at upwards of C$1 billion. Read more"
" FullContact, a Denver-based provider of address book management tools, has acquired Profoundis, an India-based maker of contacts intelligence software. No financial terms were disclosed. FullContact recently raised $25 million in a VC round led by Foundry Group. Read more"
" HGGC is pre-marketing its third tech-focused private equity fund with a $1.5 billion target, according to peHUB. Read more"
" Peter Baird is stepping down as head of a Standard Chartered Private Equity’s Africa-focused fund, which he joined in 2011. He will be succeeded by existing staffer Ronald Tamale. Also leaving SCPE is Yemi Osindero, who led West Africa investing, in order to launch an independent fund with fellow SCPE executive Nana Dankwa. Read more"
 Sanghoon Lee has joined TPG Capital as a partner and head of the firm’s investment activities in South Korea. He previously was a managing director and head of South Korea for Morgan Stanley Private Equity. www.tpg.co
" Ashish Shastry has agreed to join KKR as head of Southeast Asia, according to Reuters. He has been managing director of Singapore-based Northstar Group since 2012, before which he spent more than 10 years with TPG. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Apollo Global Management has been caught (kinda/sorta) misleading investors in its private equity funds.
The SEC announced yesterday that Apollo has agreed to a $52.7 million settlement ― including a $12.5 million fine ― for several transgressions:
"1. Fee folly: First, Apollo consented to a finding that it breached fiduciary duty by not informing limited partners in its private equity funds that it would engage in acceleration of portfolio company monitoring fees."
"For the uninitiated, private equity firms often charge annual monitoring fees to their portfolio companies, ostensibly for management services. These are typically long-term agreements of upwards of 10 years. But if the private equity firm sells the portfolio company before the monitoring agreement expires (or takes the company public), it often accelerates full payment of the remaining balance(because the only thing better than getting paid is getting paid for work you didn't do)."
"Such a practice is common in private equity, and the SEC acknowledges that Apollo consistently disclosed the amount of fees accelerated after such actions were taken. The trouble, however, is that Apollo never put any mention of fee accelerations in its original documentation. Kind of amazing given the size of the LP agreements, but clearly this is a law firm boilerplate issue, since the SEC has found the same deficit at several bulge-bracket buyout firms."
A spokesperson for Apollo says that the firm no longer engages in accelerated monitoring fees.
"2. Taxing: Apollo’s sixth flagship private equity fund borrowed approximately $19 million from four of its parallel funds, for the undisclosed purpose of deferring taxes that Apollo executives would owe on carried interest from those parallel funds."
Here is Apollo’s explanation:
"“The SEC alleges that in a footnote to the Fund VI financial statements, Apollo did not adequately disclose that the interest on a loan would accrue to the General Partner of the Fund. Apollo successfully recapitalized two Fund VI portfolio companies in 2008, generating gains for its fund investors. Rather than distribute Apollo’s portion of those gains to it, Apollo’s share of the gains was lent to it in order to more closely align its taxable income with the cash proceeds. Apollo paid about $3 million in interest on the loan, which was then allocated as income to Apollo and on which taxes were paid by Apollo. To put this in perspective, Fund VI was a $10.4 billion fund. The loan was terminated in two stages in 2011 and 2013. At no time were fund investors any worse off as a result of the loan. The loan to Apollo was fully disclosed in the footnotes to Fund VI’s financial statements. The SEC took issue with the disclosure regarding the allocation of the accrued interest on the loan.”"
"3. Expensive expenses: Apollo allegedly twice caught a then-senior partner at the firm “improperly charging personal items and services to Apollo-advised funds and their portfolio companies.” The individual went so far as to fabricate information to cover his tracks, but Apollo only reprimanded him before a subsequent investigation led to even more instances of wrongdoing. In short, Apollo did a lousy job of supervision."
"Apollo would later inform the SEC about this individual, and would part ways with him in early 2014."
"“The executive agreed to a formal separation agreement with the firm after repaying all of the personal expenses he improperly charged as well as the cost of the internal review conducted by Apollo,” said the firm in a statement. “Apollo reimbursed its funds for any improper expenses, voluntarily reported the matter to the SEC and cooperated fully with the agency’s review.”"
"Apollo declined to name the wrongdoer, but we've learned it was Ali Rashid, a onetime Goldman Sachs banker who worked at Apollo between 2000 and his early 2014 termination. He subsequently did some work with private investment firm called Cain Hoy Enterprises but, according to a Cain Hoy receptionist, is not a firm employee. The SEC’s investigation into Rashid's activities remains ongoing."
"A source familiar with the situation says that Rashid has cooperated with Apollo’s investigation. Rashid himself did not return a request for comment, and Apollo declined to confirm or deny that Rashid was the former executive in question. The SEC also did not return a request for comment."
 Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) has agreed to acquire a small molecule anti-infectives business from AstraZeneca (LSE: AZN) for upwards of $1.575 billion (including $550 million in up-front payments). Read more
" DroneDeploy, a San Francisco-based drone data management platform, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. Scale Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by HighAlpha and Scott Dorsey (co-founder of ExactTarget). Read more"
" Centricient, a Bozeman, Mon.-based provider of text messaging solutions for connecting companies with customers, has raised $6.5 million in new VC funding. Venrock led the round and was joined by Next Frontier Capital. www.centricient.co"
" SigOpt, a San Francisco-based research optimization and machine learning startup, has raised $6 million in new VC funding led by return backer Andreessen Horowitz. Read more"
" Wooptix, a Spain-based developer of 3D imaging solutions for smartphones and other devices, has raised $3.3 million in Series A funding. Bullnet Capital and Intel Capital co-led the round, and were joined by Caixa Capital Risc. www.wooptix.co"
" MeQ Inc. (d.b.a. Even), a San Francisco-based developer of personalized listening technology, has raised $2 million in Series A funding led by Firstime Venture Capital. www.geteven.c"
" Fusion Coolant Systems, a Canton, Mich.-based developer of carbon dioxide cooling and lubrication solutions to metal cutting and forming applications, has raised $1.25 million in a first close of its Series B funding. The University of Michigan’s Investment Office’s venture program (MINTS) led the round, and was joined by Amherst Fund LLC. www.fusioncoolant.co"
" Canada Pension Plan Investment Board is in “early discussions” to acquire the insurance business of Lloyd’s of London from American International Group (NYSE: AIG), according to the WSJ. Read more"
" CCMP Capital Advisors has agreed to acquire Badger Sportswear, a Statesville, N.C.-based maker of team uniforms, performance athletic wear and fanwear. No financial terms were disclosed. www.badgersports.co"
" Gryphon Investors has acquired HEPACO, a Charlotte, N.C.-based provider of critical environmental services on both an emergency response and planned basis, from Carousel Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.hepaco.co"
" Panopto, a Seattle-based provider of enterprise and education video solutions, has raised $42.8 million in new funding. Sterling Partners led the equity tranche, while Square 1 Bank underwrote a senior credit facility. www.panopto.co"
" Revelstoke Capital Partners has acquired Fast Pace Urgent Care, a provider of urgent care and primary care services in Tennessee, from Shore Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.fastpaceurgentcare.co"
" Saban Capital Acquisition Corp., a blank check acquisition company affiliated with investment firm Saban Capital, has filed for a $200 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SCACU, with Deutsche Bank Securities and Goldman Sachs serving as lead underwriters. www.saban.co"
" Pinterest has acquired Instapaper, maker of a popular 'save it later' app. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Betaworks. Read more"
 Fitbit (NYSE: FIT) has been cleared by a U.S. International Trade Commission judge of stealing trade secrets from rival fitness tracker maker Jawbone. Read more
" Elon Musk plans to buy $65 million worth of ""solar bonds"" in SolarCity (Nasdaq: SCTY), which has agreed to be acquired for $2.6 billion by Tesla Motors (Musk is CEO of Tesla and chairman of SolarCity). This appears to be the first time that Musk has purchased SolarCity bonds. Read more"
 Bain Capital has agreed to partner with India’s Piramal Enterprises Ltd. to invest in distressed assets. Read more
" The Westly Group is raising upwards of $150 million for its third VC fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.westlygroup.co"
" Christina Lee is leaving venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, where she has been marketing and communications partner since 2011. No word yet on her future plans. She will be succeeded by new hire Amanda Duckworth, who previously founded and led the San Francisco office for PR firm Brunswick Group. Brunswick Grou"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Michael Steinmetz, a healthcare venture capitalist for nearly two decades, recently passed away unexpectedly from heart failure."
"Steinmetz had been a managing director with Cambridge, Mass.-based Clarus Ventures since its formation in 2005, before which he was a general partner with MPM Capital. His investments have included more than 10 companies that went on to become publicly-traded, plus many more that were sold to large pharma companies. At the time of his death, Steinmetz was sitting on the boards of seven companies, including Tetralogic (Nasdaq: TLOG), Heptares Therapeutics and Lycera."
"“All of us at Clarus will miss Michael greatly,” the VC firm said in a statement. “He had a positive and lasting impact on our firm, as well as our individual lives. We will always remember him as wise, kind, and thoughtful man.”"
"Prior to becoming a VC in 1997, Steinmetz held various executive roles at Hoffmann-LaRoche, including global head of biotechnology. He also worked at both Caltech and the Basel Institute for Immunology, after receiving his PhD from the University of Munich."
"Steinmetz is survived by his wife Cornelia, and children Lars, Thomas, Stephanie and Silja."
"The family has set up a nonprofit foundation in Steinmetz’s memory, to find a cure for (and aid families affected by) Familial Dilated Cardiomyopathy, the inherited form of heart disease from which he died. Donations can be made online (find “Genetics- Steinmetz Cardiomyopathy Fund- IMO Michael Steinmetz” via the drop-down menu), or at:"
"Genetics- Steinmetz Cardiomyopathy Fund- IMO Michael SteinmetzStanford UniversityDevelopment ServicesP.O. Box 20466Stanford, CA 94309-0466"
"Michael’s son Lars, a Stanford genetics professor and co-director of the Stanford Genome Technology Center, will lead the research."
Rest in peace Michael.
Some notes to kick off your Thursday...
" Getting in the way of a good story: ESPN yesterday published nearly 11,000 words on the ""implosion"" of daily fantasy sports companies DraftKings and FanDuel, each of which has been valued at more than $1 billion by venture capitalists and other private-market investors. Great piece. Well, except for the fact that daily fantasy hasn't actually imploded"
"Had lots of challenges and missteps, yes. Imploded? No."
"You can read my full rebuttal here, which includes exclusive info on how DraftKings just raised new venture capital funding led by Steve Case's Revolution. Strange development, given that the ESPN piece's author said on TV yesterday: DraftKings and FanDuel “can’t raise any more money.… it’s almost impossible for them to raise money."""
" Well, that's unusual: If you visit the Charles River Ventures homepage today, you'll be greeted by an obscene message about Donald Trump. It links to this Medium post in which the venerable VC firm says that its entire partnership is standing against the GOP presidential nominee, largely due to his (now shifting) immigration rhetoric (CRV's nine partners hail from 7 countries -- including the U.S., Greece, India, Iran, Israel, Turkey, Venezuela). It's not surprising to see individual investors take political positions, but it's unusual to see an entire firm do so"
"CRV also said it will begin ""covering the costs for U.S. visas for any CRV company founders,"" and launched a fellowship program to ""provide funding, support and office space for immigrant entrepreneurs."""
"I also spoke briefly with CRV partner George Zachary, who said the firm is not endorsing any of Trump's rivals. He also is unsure how his fellow partners have voted in past presidential elections."
" Fee follies: Yesterday we discussed how Apollo Global Management had settled with the SEC over improper fee disclosures. Today, the agency has settled with W.L. Ross & Co., the longtime private equity firm led by billionaire Wilbur Ross"
"Basically, the SEC says that W.L. Ross miscalculated transaction fee offsets for management fees, causing limited partners to pay around $10.4 million more than they should have to the firm. As part of the settlement, W.L. Ross will reimburse the money to investors (with interest), plus pay a $2.3 million fine."
" Dear Lyft: If you hire an investment bank and open a data room for third parties, you're for sale. End of discussion"
" Follow-up: Earlier this week we discussed how The Clinton Foundation had formed a private equity fund (Fondo Acceso) to invest in Colombian small and mid-sized enterprises (via equity or loans), but how its website had disappeared after a newspaper story last fall about how the fund wasn't locally registered. A few follow-ups"
"1. The registration issue is irrelevant, as Colombian private equity funds only are required to register if they plan to raise money inside the country. Fondo Acceso did not."
"2. Fondo Acceso's strategy changed in 2013, as part of a broader Clinton Foundation shift, to focus on creating three types of social businesses aimed at poverty alleviation: ""supply chain (farmer services and aggregation), inclusive distribution, and vocational training."""
"3. A Clinton Foundation spokesperson writes: ""The Fondo Acceso website was removed since the content was no longer valid due to the change in strategy. Prior to the change in strategy, the website was primarily used by SMEs to apply for funding. Fondo Acceso today supports the current strategy of CGEP by funding the social businesses CGEP creates in Colombia. The activities are led by CGEP’s executive team and its corresponding management and investment committees."""
"No, this does not explain why the site was still active until a late 2015 newspaper story..."
" 65k   and   counting ... Every time I add another thousand Twitter followers, I ask you to join the others so we can chat/argue/snark throughout the day. Follow me @danprimack"
" Mill Road Capital has agreed to acquire Park City, Utah-based headphones maker Skullcandy Inc. (Nasdaq:SKUL), for $196.6 million. The $6.35 per share deal represents a 62% premium over the company’s stock price in early June, when the first reports of takeover talk emerged. It also means that Mill Road has beaten out rival bidder Incipio LLC, which is minority-owned by Goode Partners. Read more"
" ClearCare, a San Francisco-based software platform for home care agencies, has raised $60 million in growth equity funding led by Battery Ventures. www.clearcareonline.co"
" Zoomcar, an on-demand car rental platform (i.e., Zipcar) in India, has raised $24 million in Series B funding. Ford Motor Co. led the round, and was joined by return backers Sequoia Capital, Nokia Growth Partners and Empire Angels. Read more"
" Auth0, a Bellevue, Wash.-based universal identity platform, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Trinity Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Bessemer Venture Partners, K9 Ventures and Silicon Valley Bank. www.auth0.co"
" BlueTalon Inc., a Redwood City, Calif.-based provider of “data-centric security solutions,” has raised $16 million in Series A funding. Maverick Ventures led the round, and was joined by Arsenal Venture Partners and return backers Signia Venture Partners, Data Collective, Divergent Ventures, Bloomberg Beta and Stanford-StartX Fund. www.bluetalong.co"
" Curology, a San Diego-based, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Advance Vixeid Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Sherpa Capital and Forerunner Ventures. www.curology.co"
" Sample6, a Cambridge, Mass.-based synthetic biology diagnostic company, has raised $12.7 million in Series C funding. Acre Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Valley Oak Investments and return backers Canaan Partners and Cultivian Sandbox Ventures. www.sample6.co"
" SelfScore, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based startup that uses “data analytics and machine learning to measure credit potential,” has raised $7 million in new Series A funding. Pelion Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Accel and Aspect Ventures. www.selfscore.co"
" Prenav, a San Carlos, Calif.-based, has raised $6.5 million in seed funding. Crosslink Capital led the round, and was joined by Haystack, Liquid 2 Ventures, WI Harper Group and return backers like, Pear Ventures. www.prenav.co"
" SkyGiraffe, a San Mateo, Calif.-based enterprise mobility platform “that enables organizations to mobilize line-of-business systems,” has raised $6 million in new VC funding. SGVC led the round, and was joined by Trilogy Equity Partners and individual angels. www.skygiraffe.co"
" Navisens, a San Francisco-based developer of 3D location tracking solutions via smartphone sensors, has raised $2.6 million in seed funding. Resolute Ventures led the round, and was joined by groups like KEC Ventures, Amicus Capital and Arba Seed Investment Group. www.navisens.co"
" Coda Payments, a Singapore-based operator of both an online payment gateway and a consumer-facing gift code distribution platform, has raised $2 million in new VC funding. Backers include IMJ Investment Partners, Golden Gate Ventures and GMO Global Payments Fund. www.codapay.co"
" Treason Toting Co., a Baltimore-based producer of hand-made backpacks and accessories, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Sagamore Ventures (the investment group of Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank). Read more"
" Brazil Tower Company LP, a developer and operator of wireless communications towers in Brazil, has raised $40 million from New York-based investment firm Silver Swan. www.braziltowercompany.co"
" Guardian Capital Partners has acquired Carson-Dellosa Publishing LLC, a Greensboro, N.C.-based provider of K-8 supplemental education content, from Birch Hill Equity Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.carsondellosa.co"
" H.I.G. Capital has acquired a 43,000 square meter industrial compound in Norway. No financial terms were disclosed. www.higcapital.co"
" J.F. Lehman & Co. has agreed to acquire the Heavy Equipment business of Milwaukee-based Oldenburg Group for an undisclosed amount. The business will be renamed Lake Shore Systems, and makes heavy equipment systems for use in harsh operating environments. www.oldenburggroup.co"
" Leonard Green & Partners has agreed to a $625 million convertible preferred share investment in retailer Signet Jewelers Ltd. (NYSE: SIG), which will use the proceeds to fund a share repurchase program. www.signetjewelers.co"
" Mallinckrodt PLC (NYSE: MNK) has agreed to sell its Nuclear Imaging business to IBA Molecular, a Dulles, Va.-based portfolio company of CapVest, for upwards of $690 million. Read more"
" Morgan Stanley Energy Partners has acquired a majority equity stake in XRI Holdings LLC, a water supply and pipeline transportation company for upstream oil and gas producers in the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Entia Ventures. www.xriblue.co"
" Phoenix Rehabilitation and Health Services Inc., a Blairsville, Penn.-based portfolio company of 3 Rivers Capital, has acquired Wilmington, Del.-based The Physical Therapy Connection for an undisclosed amount. www.phoenixrehab.co"
" Odyssey Investment Partners has acquired Aero Precision Industries LLC, a Livermore, Calif.-based distributor of military and commercial aerospace and MRO services, from Greenwich AeroGroup Inc., a portfolio company of Berkley Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.aeroprecision.co"
"  Ant Financial, the finance affiliate of Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA) that controls Alipay, is considering a Hong Kong IPO in the first half of 2017, “after running into regulatory hurdles for a dual listing that would have included Shanghai,” according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Lufax, a Chinese online lender most recently valued at $18.5 billion by VCs, is considering a Hong Kong IPO for 2017, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Novan Inc., a Durham, N.C.-based developer of dermatological therapies via a nitric oxide platform, has filed for a $60 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol NOVN, with Piper Jaffray serving as lead underwriter. Shareholders in the pre-revenue company include Malin Corp. (16.25% pre-IPO stake), Claris Ventures, OrbiMed Advisors, U.S. Venture Partners, Astellas Venture Management and 5AM Ventures. www.novantherapeutics.co"
" DPE Deutsche Private Equity has agreed to sell Westfalia Group, a German maker of towing equipment, to Horizon Global Corp. (NYSE: HZN) for around €167 million (including assumed debt). www.horizonglobal.co"
" Silver Hill Energy Partners, a Dallas-based oil and gas exploration and production company, has hired Jefferies to explore a sale that could value the company north of $2 billion (including debt), according to Reuters. Shareholders include Kayne Anderson and Ridgemont Equity Partners. Read more"
" Earlybird Venture Capital has held a first close on its new European health-tech fund, which is targeting a total of between €100 million and €120 million. No additional details on the first close were disclosed. www.earlybird.co"
" Marcos Battisti has joined London-based C5 Capital as a partner. He previously was a managing director with Intel Capital. C5 plans to begin raising up to $150 million for a new VC and private equity fund focused on European cloud startups, which Battisti would lead. www.c5capital.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The sky is gray, Uber is no longer profitable in the U.S. and most of you are probably on vacation. In other words, it's time for some Friday Feedback:"
" Mike: ""How do you feel about monitoring fees in general? Are they fair to the portfolio companies, or simply a way for PE funds to extract a ""dividend"" before they sell a company for a profit. Seems to me that PE firms would want to monitor their investment, even if they didn't get paid for it."" I don't like them Mike, accelerated or not. I understand the PE argument that these effectively replace third-party consulting fees, but PE firms already are paid by their LPs for such services via management fees. If the monitoring fees are 100% offset, then I'm more agnostic on the matter"
"Seth: ""I don’t know Ali Rashid but the fact that you... put his name out there to your readers, who are the ones who he may be looking to work for or with, without any hard proof is what is wrong with the media today. Doesn’t matter if he did it or not, doesn’t matter if you end up recanting or not, it’s out there and searchable and people typically remember the first story they read not the subsequent apology. What did you gain by naming the individual?"" Well, I don't expect to recant or apologize since he: (a) Didn't deny it when given the opportunity; and (b) Already reimbursed Apollo in full. My job is to report what happens, not protect the professional prospects of individuals. "
" Todd on GM/Lyft: ""No one would/should give M&A rights to a corporate minority investor. Usually the compromise is they would get 20-30 days to respond to another offer that came across from another party."
" Chris on Ford/GM: ""The app is the smallest piece of the value stack (look at the sea of taxi hailing apps). Either company would be shortsighted to acquire an existing app rather than build their own. Look at how quickly people switch from Uber to Lyft during surge pricing."
" Pete on ESPN vs. DFS: ""I get wanting to fact-check the ESPN piece, but this one seemed like you've chosen a side."
" As you might imagine, we also got some carried interest taxation emails. Here's JB: ""The key issue with taxing carried interest as income is that GPs have to invest their own post-tax dollars alongside LPs to earn carried interest. This is a critical part of the alignment between the economic interests of the two groups. How do you motivate someone to invest post-tax dollars which is locked up for years if it gets taxed as income ?   So most likely the LP/GP structures will have to change and the biggest danger is that achieving that economic interest alignment will become much more fragile. I am a Democrat and totally for fair taxation but this one is tricky for most to understand and especially to understand the implications of a change."
"Ryan: ""Why the focus on whether or not individuals become/remain VCs? Aren't the things that really matter here the investments themselves? Changing the tax treatment might not result in fewer VCs, but could result in fewer deals being done? You could imagine the treatment changing the return profile and making fewer deals attractive."""
"Jack takes the other side: ""[NVCA president Bobby] Franklin's argument holds no water if he has to admit that no VC would withdraw from the market if there is a tax change to carried interest. It does not impact the volume of VC available in any geographical area. Besides which, with the risk free rate at zero, any new business not able to forecast a pos-ttax capital gain to investors of meaningfully above this shouldn't be raising money anyway."""
 Have a great weekend
" Apollo Global Management has agreed to acquire San Antonio-based cloud computing company Rackspace (NYSE: RAX) for $4.3 billion. The $32 per share deal represents a 38% premium over where Rackspace was trading on August 3, when the first reports of a possible acquisition emerged. The deal also includes a strategic equity investment in Rackspace by Searchlight Capital Partners. Read more"
" Denali Therapeutics Inc., a San Francisco-based biotech startup focused on neurodegenerative diseases led by former Genentech executives, has raised $130 million in Series B funding. Baillie Gifford led the round, and was joined by “several new and large institutional investors.” Return backers – which had committed an initial $217 million in Series A funding -- include Fidelity Biosciences, ARCH Venture Partners, Flagship Ventures and the Alaska Permanent Fund (represented by Crestline Investors). Read more"
" MobiKwik, an India-based mobile wallet company, has raised $40 million in strategic equity funding from Net1 (Nasdaq: UEPS). Existing shareholders include Sequoia Capital. Read more"
" Songkick, a New York-based artist-ticketing and concert discovery platform, has raised $15 million in new VC funding from Access Industries. www.songkick.co"
" Symphony Commerce, a San Francisco-based provider of commerce-as-a-service solutions, has raised $11 million in new VC funding. Backers include CRV, Blue Cloud Ventures, Bain Capital Ventures and FirstMark Capital. www.symphonycommerce.co"
" Inscopix, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based developer of a brain mapping platform, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Playground Ventures led the round, with AME Cloud Ventures and Floodgate Fund serving as co-lead underwriters. www.inscopix.co"
" Gobiquity, a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based provider of mobile vision screening technology, has raised $6 million in Series B funding led by InterWest Partners. www.gobiquity.co"
" Dice, a London-based ticketing startup that doesn’t use booking fees, has raised $6 million in Series A funding. Evolution Equity Partners led the round, and was joined by Lumia Capital and return backers White Star Capital, Designer Fund and Kima Ventures. Read more"
" Mint Solutions Holding BV, a Dutch developer of a medication safety system, has raised €5 million in Series B funding. Brabant Development Agency was joined by return backers like Life Sciences Partners and NSA Ventures. www.mintsolutions.e"
" Grabr, a San Francisco-based P2P delivery platform, has raised $3.5 million in VC funding from RBV Capital and N-Trans Group. www.grabr.i"
" Salesfloor, a Montreal-based provider of online sales management, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding led by White Star Capital. www.salesfloor.ne"
" Bain Capital and KKR are among six or seven suitors short-listed as acquirers by Takata Corp. (Tokyo: 7312), the troubled Japanese maker of car airbags, according to Reuters. Others include Japanese chemical company Daicel Corp. and the Chinese parent company of Michigan-based Key Safety Systems. Read more"
" The Blackstone Group has formed a venture to target assets and leasehold in the Delaware Basin located in West Texas and southern New Mexico. The total investment, some of which will come from Blackstone’s partners on the project, is $1 billion. www.blackstone.co"
"  Nets, a Denmark-based payments processor, plans to float its stock in Copenhagen in late September, according to a local media report. The company was acquired in 2014 by Bain Capital, Advent International and pension fund ATP for approximately $2.6 billion. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group is in talks to sell Shanghai office tower Central Plaza to Chinese homebuilder China Vanke for around $369 million, according to a local media report. Read more"
" Ministry Brands LLC, a Lenoir City, Tenn.-based provider of software for faith-based organizations, has hired Bank of America to explore a sale of the company, according to the WSJ. The deal could be valued at more than $1.5 billion. Ministry Brands is currently owned by Genstar Capital and Providence Equity Partners. Read more"
" Afore Capital has been launched as a new San Francisco-based VC firm by Anamitra Banerji (ex-Foundation Capital partner) and Guarav Jain (ex-Founders Collective principal). According to an SEC filing, the pair is seeking $40 million for its debut fund"
" Stefania Perrucci has joined Turner Investments as global head of fixed income and as a member of the Berwyn, Penn.-based firm’s investment committee. She previously founded New Sky Capital. www.turnerinvestments.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Today's column didn't quite come together in time, so just a few very quick notes to kick off your Monday."
" Deal data: Global M&A has topped the $2 trillion mark for 2016, but is still off 26% from last year's pace, per Thomson Reuters. The U.S. figure is even weaker (comparatively), off 33% at just under $900 billion year-to-date. The only geographic areas with up arrows are Japan, India and the Middle East"
"Private equity-backed deals are off 29% globally ($283 billion total) and a whopping 41% in the U.S. ($127 billion total). Global corporate-grade debt issuance is up 18% (down 3% in U.S.), while global high-yield debt issuance is down 30% (-26% in U.S.)."
"Separately, Thomson Reuters also reports that leveraged buyouts are featuring larger and larger equity checks. It's LPC unit says that equity comprised 45.7% of typical Q2 LBO's, which is the highest such contribution since Q1 2012. For comparison's sake, the highest average annual equity contributions recorded by LPC was 50.3% in 2009, while the ""Golden Age"" of 2007 was closer to 30%. No wonder deal volume is down..."
" Simple equation: One of the things Mylan CEO Heather Bresch kept saying last week during the EpiPen price kerfuffle was just how darn hard it is to succeed in pharma, due to the current regulatory environment for U.S. healthcare. Which made me wonder why we're still on track to see well over 1,000 pharma startups raise venture capital this year (at pretty heady average valuations). And then I noticed that Mylan generated around $850 million of net income last year, and $1.8 billion of EBITDA. So I stopped wondering"
" Speaking of which... Pharma unicorn Moderna Therapeutics is raising upwards of $600 million in new equity funding, per an SEC filing. More importantly, it already has secured $451 million of it. For the uninitiated on Moderna, here's a piece I wrote about the company last year, when it secured a $3 billion valuation"
" Down south: Mexico and the U.S. seem to be moving in opposite directions when it comes to private equity taxation. Bloomberg reports that Mexico is considering several proposals to decrease taxes on local VC and private equity investors, including a cut on share sales via IPO from 35% (i.e., ordinary income) to 10% (capital gains) and a change that could let funds offset carried interest taxes with investment losses"
" E.L.F. Beauty, an Oakland, Calif.-based cosmetics company, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol ELF, with J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley serving as lead underwriters. The company reports $1.1 million of net income on $97 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to $2.7 million of net income on $75 million of revenue for the year-earlier period. TPG Growth holds a 56.8% ownership stake, based on an early purchase from TSG Consumer Partners for an undisclosed amount. www.elfcosmetics.co"
" Mitra Biotech, an India-based developer of personalized cancer treatments, has raised $27.4 million in Series B funding. Sequoia India and Sands Capital Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by RA Capital Management and return backers Accel and Tata Capital Innovations Fund. Part of the proceeds were used to cash out Series A backers Karnataka Information Technology Venture Capital Fund and India Innovation Fund.Read more"
" Mediamorph, a New York-based provider of media and entertainment data management and analytics, has raised $21.2 million in Series C funding. Advance Vixeid Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Liberty Global Ventures and Smedvig Capital. Also participating were Lee Equity Partners senior advisors like Bob Wright (former CEO of NBC Universal) and Barry Baker (former president/COO of USA Networks). www.mediamorph.co"
" Helix Sleep, a New York-based mattress startup, has raised $7.35 million in Series A funding. Backers include Double J Capital, Simon Venture Group, Western Technology Investments, Great Oaks VC and individual angels. Read more"
" Vroozi, a Los Angeles-based provider of B2B procurement solutions, has raised $4 million in growth equity funding led by Ally Holdings. www.vroozi.co"
" Rheo, a San Francisco-based personalized video channel, has raised $2.3 million in seed funding. Accomplice led the round, and was joined by Pathbreaker Ventures, Social Capital, Social Starts and Lars Rasmussen. www.rheo.t"
" HappyFresh, an on-demand grocery delivery service focused on Southeast Asia, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series B funding. Samena Capital (Dubai) led the round, and was joined by return backers Sinar Mas Digital Ventures and Vertex Ventures. The company also announced that it has withdrawn from both Taiwan and the Philippines, but will continue to operate in Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand. Read more"
" The Blackstone Group is nearing a $1.8 billion agreement to purchase the U.S. real estate assets of Swedish pension manager Alecta, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Brixey & Meyer Capital has acquired Stillwater Technologies, a Troy, Ohio-based provider of precision machining and resistance welding solutions to multiple industries, from Bill and Wanda Lukens. No financial terms were disclosed. www.stlwtr.co"
 CVC Capital Partners has agreed to acquire a 15% stake in Indonesian hospital operator PT Siloam International Hospitals for around $166 million from majority owner PT Lippo Karawaci. Read more
" MBK Partners has abandoned plans to acquire Japanese golf course operator Accordia Golf Co. (Tokyo: 2131) after a recent spike in the company’s stock price, according to Reuters. The deal would have valued Accordia at upwards of $1.6 billion. Read more"
" Quadrant Private Equity has acquired WorldMark, an Australian provider of auto add-on products like window tint to car dealerships, from Navis Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" TDR Capital has hired Goldman Sachs and ABG Sundal Collier to find a buyer for Norwegian cruise operator Hurtigruten ASA, according to Bloomberg. Possible suitors reportedly include Bain Capital, EQT Partners and TPG Capital. Hurtigruten is generating around €135 million in annual EBITDA. Read more"
" TriStyle Mode GmbH, a German direct fashion retailer owned by Equistone Partners Europe, has acquired Long Tall Sally, a UK-based long/tall women’s apparel maker. No financial terms were disclosed. The seller was Amery Capital. www.longtallsally.co"
" Apptio, a Bellevue, Wash.-based provider of cloud-based technology business management software, has filed for a $75 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol APTI, with Goldman Sachs listed as left lead underwriter. The company reports a $14.9 million net loss on nearly $76 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to an $18.4 million net loss on $62 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Apptio has raised around $136 million in total VC funding from firms like Greylock Partners (16.5% pre-IPO stake), Madrona Venture Group (16.6%), Shasta Ventures (9.5%), Janus Capital, Hillman Co., T. Rowe Price Group and Andreessen Horowitz. www.apptio.co"
" Digicel Group, a Bermuda-based provider of mobile services in the Caribbean, has withdrawn registration for an IPO that designed to raise upwards of $1.9 billion, due to “current unfavorable market conditions.” The offering originally planned to sell 124 million shares at between $13 and $16 per share in October 2015, but the pricing was indefinitely postponed. It had planned to list on the NYSE, with J.P. Morgan listed as left lead underwriter. www.digicelgroup.co"
" Gridsum Holding Inc., a provider of data analysis software for multinational and domestic enterprises and government agencies in China., has filed for a $75 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol GSUM, with Goldman Sachs (Asia) and Citigroup serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $4.5 million net loss on around $22 million of revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include Steamboat Ventures and Nokia Growth Partners. www.gridsum.co"
" QSR Brands, a Malaysian operator of KFC and Pizza Hut franchises is planning a local IPO early next year that could raise more than $400 million, according to IFR. Backers include CVC Capital Partners. Read more"
" Cogentrix Solar Holdings, a Charlotte, N.-based portfolio company of The Carlyle Group, has agreed to sell a Colorado solar power plant to Korea Electric Power Corp. for an undisclosed amount. KEPCO and Carlyle also signed a separate power company development partnership. Read more"
" Nutanix, a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of datacenter infrastructure solutions, has agreed to acquire PernixData and has completed an acquisition of Calm.io. No financial terms were disclosed for either deal. PernixData is a San Jose, Calif.-based maker of software that aggregates all the flash-based storage that comes with servers into one sharable pool. Its backers include Menlo Ventures, Kleiner Perkins and Lightspeed Venture Partners. Calm.io is an India-based data center automation company that had been backed by Sequoia Capital India. Nutanix, which filed for an IPO last December, has raised over $300 million in VC funding from firms like Lightspeed. Read more"
 D.E. Shaw reportedly is considering an offer for bankrupt SunEdison Inc.’s controlling stake in TerraForm Power Inc. (Nasdaq: TERP). Read more
 Deutsche Bank has agreed to sell its Argentina business to Buenos Aries-based Banco Comafi. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more
" GIC, a Singapore sovereign wealth fund, has agreed to acquire a 7.73% stake in Vietnamese lender Vietcombank. The deal reportedly is valued south of $400 million. Read more"
" Innogy SE, a renewable energy unit of German utility RWE, has agreed to acquire British solar power plant builder Belectric. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group is considering a total withdrawal from the hedge fund business, according to the FT. Read more"
" Ocean Link, a new private equity firm focused on the travel and tourism sector in China, has formed a strategic partnership with General Atlantic and Ctrip (Nasdaq: CTRP). Read more"
 True Ventures has closed its fifth fund with $310 million in capital commitments. www.trueventures.co
" Jason Searfoss has joined Boomtown, a Boulder, Colo.-based startup accelerator. He previously was CFO of Longford Capital. www.boomtownboulder.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some items to kick off your Tuesday...
" Debt data: Yesterday we noted how Thomson Reuters LPC said that average equity portions of leveraged buyouts are at a four-year high, hitting 45.7% in Q2. What we neglected to mention was that same report showed that the average debt-to-EBITDA multiple last quarter was 5.8x, which comes in a couple of ticks below the Fed guidance of 6x"
"We also checked in with S&P LDC, which reports a 43% average equity contribution for Q2 2016 and a 5.4x average debt/EBITDA multiple (the latter of which was up just slightly from Q1)."
"There is certainly an argument to be made that these two statistics are related. If banks really are getting religion on the Fed guidance (remember, S&P put the Q3 15 figure at 6.19x), then it would stand to reason that private equity firms must contribute more equity to get deals done. And, to extend the causation one step further, it might also be why private equity deal-making continues to slump. After all, leverage has historically been a major driver of LBO returns..."
" Taxing task: In order to satisfy its new $14.5 billion tax bill in Ireland, all Apple needs to do is sell a mere 126,086 of its highest-end Apple Watch. In terms of Apple's future tax strategy, my favorite was tweeted out this morning by @gooderdle: ""They can always just turn the brand into a religion and put the headquarters on a boat..."
" On the docket: Today we could get a New York court ruling on the massive lawsuit (effectively) between Caesar's bondholders and the gaming company's private equity backers, Apollo Global Management and TPG Capital. The two firms could be on the hook for upwards of $5.1 billion in claims"
" DD done: Yesterday's big Silicon Valley story was that Alphabet executive David Drummond is officially off the board at Uber, three years after he joined as part of a large investment in the ride-hailing company by Google Ventures (the same round in which TPG Capital joined, with David Bonderman also joining the board). The official announcement came just hours after Amir Efrati of The Information reported that Drummond had been shut down of Uber board meetings for the past year, due to Uber's concerns about conflicts of interest. Four notes on this"
1. Word is that Efrati might have undersold how long Drummond has been persona non grata in Uber's boardroom. Also worth noting that Efrati's article suggests Uber might be shirking some of its info responsibilities to GV (which retains a board observer seat) ― echoing similar (albeit private) complaints from some earlier investors.
"2. The idea that there is conflict between Uber and Alphabet/Google isn't terribly surprising. Two years ago I wrote about this very thing, although my focus was on local logistics rather than autonomous autos."
"3. There has been zero explanation from Google or Uber as to why Drummond has officially remained on the board all of this time, given his lack of tangible involvement. And, given the timing, it sounds like Efrati's story embarrassed both companies into formal action."
"4. What is particularly amazing here is that Uber CEO Travis Kalanick continues to completely dominate his board, even though he doesn't have the technical voting structure to do so (e.g., Zuckerberg, etc.). UPDATE: I've subsequently learned that Kalanick does, indeed, have super voting rights. This was granted during the 2013 investment round."
" Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Inc.  (NYSE: RBA) has agreed to acquire IronPlanet Inc., a Pleasanton, California-based operator of an online marketplace for used heavy equipment and trucks. The deal is valued at approximately $758.5 million"
"IronPlanet has raised over $100 million in VC funding from firms like Accel Partners, Kleiner Perkins, Caterpillar, Dyncorp, Marubeni Corp., IGNITE Group, Volvo Construction Equipment and Windspeed Ventures. Last year it merged with with Cat Auction Services, an alliance of Caterpillar and several of its independent dealers. Read more."
" Arcus Biosciences, a Hayward, Calif.-based cancer immunotherapy startup, has raised $70 million in Series B. Google Ventures, Invus Group, Stanford University and DROIA Oncology Ventures were joined by return backers like Column Group, Foresite Capital, Celgene and Novartis. The company previously raised $50 million. Read more"
" LogRhythm, a Boulder, Colo.-based cybersecurity company, has raised $40 million in new equity financing. Existing backer Riverwood Capital Management led the round, and was joined by Adams Street Partners, Siemens Venture Capital, Delta-v Capital, Exclusive Ventures. Silver Lake Waterman also provided $10 million in new debt financing. The company also said that it has indefinitely postponed its IPO plans, after reports last year that it was prepping an offering that could value the company at around $1 billion. Read more"
" Zillion Group, a Norwalk, Conn.-based provider of digital health engagement solutions, has raised $28 million in Series C funding led by TwinFocus Capital Partners. www.zillion.co"
" Glint, a Redwood City, Calif.-based real-time employee engagement platform, has raised $27 million in Series C funding. Meritech Capital Partners and Bessemer Venture Partners co-led the round, and were joined by return backers Norwest Venture Partners and Shasta Ventures. The company previously raised $23 million. www.glintinc.co"
" BBOXX, a London-based off-grid solar company, has raised $20 million in Series C funding. New investors MacKinnon, Bennett & Co., ENGIE Rassembleurs d'Energies and KawiSafi Ventures were joined by return backers Khosla Impact Fund, Bamboo Finance and DOEN Foundation. www.bboxx.co.u"
" Behalf, a New York-based commercial payment platform for small businesses, has raised $27 million in Series C funding. Viola Growth led the round, and was joined by return backers Sequoia Capital, Spark Capital, MissionOG, and Vintage. www.behalf.co"
" Livspace, an India-based home design and furnishing startup, has raised $15 million in Series B funding. Bessemer Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by fellow return backers Jungle Ventures and Helion Venture Partners. www.livspace.co"
" Blackwood Seven, a Copenhagen-based predictive sales modeling platform, has raised €13.5 million in new VC funding. Backers include JOLT Capital, Sunstone Capital, Conor Venture Partners and the Danish Growth Fund. www.blackwoodseven.co"
" Shyft Analytics, a Waltham, Mass.-based provider of cloud data and analytics for the global life sciences industry, has raised $12.5 million in Series B funding. Backers include McKesson Ventures, Medidata Solutions and return backers Health Enterprise Partners and Milestone Venture Partners. www.shyftanalytics.co"
" Intsights, an Israel-based provider of cybersecurity solutions focused on the dark web, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Blumberg Capital led the round, and was joined by The Blackstone Group, Wipro Ventures and Glilot Capital Partners. www.intsights.co"
" GOAT, a Cuilver City, Calif.-based mobile marketplace for used and collectible sneakers, has raised $5 million in new VC funding. Matrix Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Upfront Ventures and Webb Investment Network. Read more"
" DogHero, a Brazilian dog-sitting startup, has raised $3.1 million in Series A funding. Monashees Capital led the round, and was joined by seed backer Kaszek Ventures. Read more"
" Revelator, an Israel-based online platform for distributing, selling and licensing music, has raised $2.5 million in Series A funding. Exigent Capital led the round, and was joined by Digital Currency Group and Reinvent. Read more"
" Camino Financial, a Los Angeles-based online credit marketplace focused on extending small business loans to Hispanic-owned businesses, has raised $2 million in new VC funding. Collaborative Fund and Hunt Holdings co-led the round, and were joined by Comcast Ventures Catalyst Fund and Impact America Fund. www.caminofinancial.co"
" Genvid Technologies Inc., a New York-based provider of tools for developers to use in e-sports broadcasts, has raised $1.5 million in seed funding, March Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by OCA Ventures. www.genvidtech.co"
" Galactic Exchange Inc., a Menlo Park, Calif.-based developer of deployment and management software for Hadoop/Spark based infrastructures and associated analytics applications, has raised an undisclosed amount of seed funding from Floodgate and Signia Venture Partners. www.galacticexchange.i"
" Senic, a German developer of hardware and software that lets users “more easily interact with their smart homes,” has raised an undisclosed amount of seed funding from Target Partners. The company is a Y Combinator alum. www.senic.co"
" Arbor Investments has acquired Dunn Paper Inc., a Port Huron, Mich.-based provider of made-to-order specialty papers and tissues for the food packaging and consumer product markets, from Wingate Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.dunnpaper.co"
" Brookfield Asset Management is nearing an agreement to acquire natural gas distribution network Nova Transportadora do Sudeste SA from Petroleo Brasileiro SA for between $5.5 billion and $6 billion, according to Bloomberg. First Reserve Corp. and Singapore sovereign wealth fund GIC also are said to be part of the purchasing consortium. Read more"
" Frazier Healthcare Partners has agreed to acquire a 60% equity stake in Matrix Medical Network, a health assessment subsidiary of Providence Service Corp. (Nasdaq: PRSC). The deal values Matrix Medical at $537.5 million, with Providence retaining the other 40% position. www.prscholdings.co"
" H.I.G. Capital has acquired two related companies: CXtec, a Syracuse, N.Y.-based provider of refurbished networking, telephony hardware and data center cabling; and Teracai Corp., a Syracuse-based provider of IT infrastructure solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.higcapital.co"
" KKR has agreed to acquire Calabrio, a Minneapolis-based provider of customer engagement and workforce optimization software. No financial terms were disclosed, but the WSJ reports that it’s an all-equity deal valued at around $200 million. Sellers include Bluestream Ventures and Split Rock Partners. www.calabrio.co"
" PlayPower Inc., a Huntersville, N.C.-based provider of play, sport and recreation facilities and equipment, has acquired Playworld, a Lewisburg, Penn.-based commercial playground equipment manufacturer. No financial terms were disclosed. PlayPower is a portfolio company of private equity firm Littlejohn & Co. www.playworldsystems.co"
" TSG Consumer Partners has agreed to acquire Duckhorn Wine Co., owner and operator of six wineries in Napa Valley, from GI Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.duckhorn.co"
" Capstar Financial Holdings, a Nashville, Tenn.-based commercial bank, has filed for a $46 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol CSTR, with Keefe Bruyette & Woods and Sandler O’Neill + Partners serving as lead underwriters. www.capstarbank.co"
" Advent International has retained Morgan Stanley and BTG Pactual to find a buyer for its control stake in TCP Terminal de Contêineres de Paranaguá SA, Brazil’s second-busiest container port, according to Reuters. Read more"
" AthenaHealth (Nasdaq: ATHN) has acquired Patient IO, an Austin, Texas-based medical patient engagement app. No financial terms were disclosed. Patient IO had raised $4.32 million in VC funding since its 2013 formation, from AthenaHealth, Techstars, Geekdom, Mercury Fund and RPM Ventures. www.patientio.co"
" Cisco (Nasdaq: CSCO) has agreed to acquire ContainerX, a San Jose, Calif.-based developer of technologies to help companies manage and integrate containers across data centers. No financial terms were disclosed. ContainerX raised $2.7 million in seed funding last year from General Catalyst, Greylock Partners and Caffeinated Capital. www.containerx.i"
" H.I.G. Capital has agreed to sell the International School of Europe, operator of K-12 schools in Italy with over 1,800 students, to Inspired, a UK-based schools group sponsored by investment firm Educas. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which is expected to close in mid-September. www.inspired.co.u"
" Liu Zhongtian, founder of a Hong Kong-listed aluminium products maker, has agreed to acquire Cleveland-based Aleris Corp. for $2.33 billion (including $1.22 billion in assumed debt). Aleris currently is owned by Oaktree Capital and Apollo Global Management, via debt restructurings related to its 2009 bankruptcy (through which prior equity owner TPG exited). Read more"
" Amware Fulfillment LLC, a Lawrenceville, Ga.-based provider of customized warehousing and fulfillment solutions to SMEs, has completed a debt refinancing that included an undisclosed amount of first lien capital from Capital Southwest Corp. and second lien capital from Avante Mezzanine Partners. Amware is a portfolio company of Rotunda Capital Partners, while Livingstone arranged the refi. www.amwarelogistics.co"
" Mondelez International Inc. (Nasdaq: MSLZ) has formally ended its efforts to acquire The Hershey Co. (NYSE: HSY), in a merger that could have been valued at upwards of $25 billion. Read more"
 Royal Dutch Shell is selling some of its Gulf of Mexico assets for $425 million to EnVen Energy. Read more
" Rev1 Ventures, a seed-stage firm focused on Columbus, Ohio, has closed a new fund with $22 million in capital commitments. Read more"
" David Liu and Julian Wolhardt are leaving KKR at year-end to launch a new China-focused investments firm. Liu has been KKR’s co-head of Asia private equity, a group that now will be led solely by Ming Lu. Hong Kong-based Wolhardt had served as KKR’s regional leader for mainland China and Taiwan. KKR also announced several new Asia hires: Ashish Shastry (ex-Northstar Group) as head of Southeast Asia; Zhen Ji (ex-CITIC Capital) as managing director of KKR China; Hyoung Seok Lim (ex-McKinsey & Co.) as managing director of KKR Korea and Rob Yang (ex-Blackstone Group) as managing director of KKR Real Estate in Greater China. www.kkr.co"
" Julia Schottenstein has joined New Enterprise Associates as an associate. She previously was an analyst with Qatalyst Partners. • "">www.nea.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Some notes to kick off your Wednesday, which also is E's first day of kindergarten. To put it in Term Sheet language, things at the home office have been several multiples above the Fed's recommended guidance for chaos..."
" M&A math: Boston Consulting Group this week released a new M&A report that suggests traders have shifted their attitudes toward the buy-side of M&A transactions. Specifically, it shows that the stocks of public acquirers climbed 0.5% in the seven days after announcing an acquisition. From the report"
"""Capital markets have long greeted acquisition announcements with skepticism--and with good reason. Research, including our own, has consistently shown that most deals destroy value. But... markets in recent years have behaved differently than in the past and started bidding up shares of acquiring companies."""
"Part of the explanation relates to cheap financing, but BCG also argues that acquirers have become much better at most-merger integrations."
" Today in Theranos: Our favorite beleaguered biotech apparently requested emergency clearance of a new blood test for Zika virus, but then pulled the application after ""federal regulators found that the company didn’t include proper patient safeguards in a study."" Read more here"
" Thinking aloud: There was a Reuters report yesterday that the SEC is now looking into co-investment deals often struck between private equity firms and some of their largest LPs. Like with the accelerated management fee situation, this seems to be more about missing boilerplate on LP agreements than anything else. The existence of preferential co-investment deals for large LPs is no secret. In fact, it's been loudly touted as a way to cut down on the big club deals that LPs objected to before the financial crisis. All of which makes me wonder.."
"If PE firms already are paying penalties to the SEC over accelerated management fee disclosures, and soon might do the same for co-investments, do they just pass the bills on to their fund formation lawyers? Seems like there is more than a bit of shared blame."
" Correction: Yesterday I noted that Uber CEO Travis Kalanick doesn't have technical control of his company's board of directors, but a source close to the situation now tells me that Kalanick does now have super voting rights. Apologies for the error"
" Motley VC: Morgan Housel has spent the past nine years as an investment columnist with The Motley Fool, while also writing for such publications as The Wall Street Journal. Now he’ll be plying his trade as a partner with Collaborative Fund, a seed-stage venture capital firm whose portfolio companies include Blue Bottle Coffee, Reddit and Thumbtack"
"Housel is not making the leap from journalist to investor, as have others like Mike Moritz, M.G. Siegler and Om Malik. Instead, his role at Collaborative Fund will be to produce content like blog posts and podcasts and to share his economic insights with fund investors, portfolio companies and the broader public."
"Yesterday I spent some time on the phone with Housel, and you can read the Q&A by going here."
" Genesys, a Daly City, Calif.-based provider of omnichannel customer experience and contact center solutions, has agreed to acquire Interactive Intelligence Group Inc. (Nasdaq: ININ), an Indianapolis-based provider of on-premise solutions for customer engagement, communications and collaboration. The deal is valued at approximately $1.4 billion in cash, or $60.50 per share (36% premium to the July 28 price, after which media reports emerged about IIG exploring strategic alternatives)"
"Permira and Technology Crossover Ventures hold a majority stake in Genesys, although they sold a minority position to Hellman & Friedman back in June for around $900 million. Read more."
" Compass, a New York-based online real estate buying, selling and renting platform, has raised $75 million in Series D funding. Wellington Management Co. led the round, and was joined by return backers IVP, Thrive Capital, Founders Fund and .406 Ventures. The company has now raised a total of $210 million. www.compass.co"
" Velocity, a digital hospitality app, has raised $22.5 million in new VC funding led by DIG Investments. Read more"
" Mavrx, a San Francisco-based developer of aerial imagery technologies, has secured $12.42 million of a $17.08 million Series A round, according to a regulatory filing. Backers include Eclipse Ventures. • "
" Cozy, a Portland, Ore.-based platform for interactions between property managers and renters, has raised $8.5 million in Series B funding. American Family Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers like Social Capital and General Catalyst Partners. Read more"
" DailyPay, a New York-based startup that helps enable employees and contractors to receive daily payments, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. RPM Ventures led the round, and was joined by Draper Frontier and Inspiration Ventures.  www.trydailypay.co"
" Revuze, an Israeli startup that applies AI to both brand and product management, has raised $4 million in strategic seed funding. Backers include Nielsen, The NPD Group and TIC Group. www.revuze.i"
" Tank Utility, a Boston-based provider of remote monitoring services for truck-delivered fuels, has raised $2.2 million in seed funding. Energy Foundry and Blue Fog Capital co-led the round, and were joined by Generac Power Systems, Bolt and individual angels. www.tankutility.co"
" Cloud Technology Partners, a Boston-based provider of cloud application and infrastructure solutions for enterprise customers, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series C funding. Return backers include Rackspace, State Street Bank and Pritzker Group Venture Capital. www.cloudtp.co"
" RxAdvance, a Southborough, Mass.-based pharmacy benefits management company, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding from Oscar Salazar (Uber co-founder) and Walter Jin (Three Fields Capital). www.rxadvance.co"
" The Blackstone Group is considering a takeover offer for German landlord OfficeFirst, which holds around €3.2 billion worth of commercial properties, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Clavis Capital Partners has made an investment in Alliance Tank Service LLC, a Cushing, Okla.-based provider of above-ground storage tank products for the agriculture, asphalt, industrial and petroleum industries. No financial terms were disclosed. www.alliancetankservice.co"
" Clayton, Dubilier & Rice has agreed to acquire Drive DeVilbiss Healthcare, a Port Washington, N.Y.-based maker of medical devices like wheelchairs and respiratory equipment. Sellers include Ferrer Freeman & Co. No financial terms were disclosed, except that CD&R has obtained committed financing from Barclays, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Capital One, National Association and HSBC Securities. www.drivemedical.co"
" Equistone Partners Europe has acquired a majority stake in Roth Group, a Swiss provider of domestic and industrial fire protection productions, insulation and coatings. The seller was Ufenau Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.rothgruppe.c"
" Investcorp is in talks to acquire a minority equity stake in Saudi healthcare analysis company Al Borg Medical Laboratories, according to Bloomberg. The deal could value Al Borg north of $270 million. Read more"
" Meridian General Capital has acquired PowderCoat Services, an Anaheim, Calif.-based production powder coater. No financial terms were disclosed. www.powdercoatservices.co"
 There is no IPO news this morning
" Quantum Energy Partners is considering a sale process for Jagged Peak Energy LLC, a Texas-based oil and gas E&P company, according to the WSJ. An outright could be valued at more than $2 billion, while Quantum also may persue an IPO. Read more"
" Vista Equity Partners is exploring a sale of Aptean Inc., an Alpharetta, Ga.-based enterprise software company it purchased out of bankruptcy in 2012 for around $250 million, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at more than $1 billion (including debt), with Morgan Stanley managing the process. Read more"
" Freightos, a Hong Kong-based online freight marketplace, has acquired Spain-based WebCargoNet. No financial terms were disclosed, although TechCrunch reports that it’s “in the seven figure Euro range and is a mixture of cash and stock.” Freightos has raised over $20 million in VC funding from firms like Aleph Venture Capital, Annox Capital, Israel Cleantech Ventures MSR Capital and Sadara Ventures. Read more"
" JX Holdings Inc. (Tokyo: 5020), a Japanese oil refiner, has agreed to acquire smaller rival TonenGeneral Sekiyu KK (Tokyo: 5012) for approximately $3.4 billion. Read more"
 Potash Corp. (TSX: POT) confirmed a Bloomberg report that it is in advanced merger talks with fellow Canadian fertilizer company Agrium (TSX: AGU). The combined company could be valued at around $28 billion. Read more
" Pusher, a London-based provider of cloud software that lets developers add real-time functionality to websites and apps, has raised $2.5 million in venture debt funding from SaaS Capital. Read more"
 Sony Pictures Networks has agreed to acquire the sports broadcasting business of India’s Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd. for $385 million. Read more
" xMatters, a San Ramon, Calif.-based enterprise communications platform sponsored by JMI Equity, has secured $42 million in long-term debt financing from Golub Capital. www.xmatters.co"
" CBPE Capital, a UK-based middle market private equity firm, has closed its ninth fund with £459 million in capital commitments. www.cbpecapital.co"
" CITIC Capital of Hong Kong is targeting $250 million for its third Japan-focused private equity fund, according to Private Equity International. Read more. www.citiccapital.co"
 Drive Capital has raised $300 million for its second Midwest-focused VC fund. www.drivecapital.co
" Unigestion has held a €177 million first close on its fourth private equity secondaries fund, according to Dow Jones. The total fund target is €300 million. www.unigestion.co"
" Paul Bramley has joined Pillarstone, the European credit platform affiliate of KKR, as chief operating officer. He previously was a partner and COO for British hedge fund Sand Grove Capital Management. www.kkr.co"
" Marisa Lizak has joined Ethika Investments, a real estate private equity firm, as director of capital markets. She previously was an SVP and head of underwriting at Starwood Property Trust. www.ethikainvestments.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Last week in discussing the current state of daily fantasy sports sites, we mentioned that DraftKings had quietly raised a new round of funding within the past month. Now we have more details."
"The new round comes in at a whopping $153 million, and includes new investors like Revolution Growth (co-founded by Steve Case and Washington Capitals and Wizards owner Ted Leonisis). Steve Murray, who recently joined Revolution from SoftBank Capital, will join the DraftKings board of directors."
"No specifics on valuation but, as we previously reported, it's a down-round at a steep discount to the approximately $2 billion post-money mark that DraftKings was afforded late last summer."
"Existing investors include Accomplice, DST Global, FirstMark Capital, GGV Capital, The Kraft Group, The Raine Group and Wellington Management. Certain sports leagues, including Major League Baseball, also hold small equity stakes."
Both DraftKings and Revolution confirmed the round to Fortune.
"“Revolution Growth is a tremendous new partner for DraftKings, with an entrepreneurial outlook and spirit of innovation that meshes perfectly with the culture of our company,"" said DraftKings co-founder and CEO Jason Robins."
"Revolution's Murray added: “Building a business is never easy, especially one that is leading the creation of a new marketplace, but Revolution has the expertise to help entrepreneurs execute on their ideas, especially where sports and policy intersect.”"
" Update: Back in March we reported on how Emily White, a former top exec with both Snapchat and Instagram, had launched a personal concierge startup called Mave. But the company shut down in early June, per White, due to a personal health issue. Investor money was returned"
" Your turn: Interested in LP thoughts on the issue of preferential PE co-investment opportunities afforded to larger LPs, including related to disclosure and/or lack thereof. My brush-off of this issue yesterday caused some heated reader feedback, and I'm interested in more insights"
" Correction: Yesterday we reported that Midwest-focused VC firm Drive Capital had closed on around half of a $300 million-targeted second fund. Turns out the entire thing is closed. The confusion, based on a regulatory filings, relates to the fact that Drive technically created two separate vehicles at the request of certain tax-exempt LPs, who were concerned about UBIT tax implications of being in a partnership that occasionally invests in LLCs (Drive did two such deals out of its first fund)"
" Infoblox Inc. (NYSE: BLOX), a Santa Clara, Calif.-based provider of network control and security solutions, has launched a process to sell the company, according to Reuters. Earlier this summer, the company had hired Morgan Stanley to defend against activist investors like Starboard Value. Takeover suitors are expected to include Thoma Bravo, while Infoblox’s current market cap is around $1.2 billion. Read more"
" Sense, a Boston-based home energy usage and awareness platform, has raised $14 million in Series A funding. Shell Technology Ventures and Energy Impact Partners co-led the round, and were joined by seed backers Capricorn Investment Group, Prelude Ventures, CRV and Bolt. www.sense.co"
" RedShelf, a Chicago-based digital content platform for higher education, has raised $4 million in Series B funding. Coniston Capital led the round, and was joined by the National Association of College Stores. www.redshelf.co"
" Aromyx, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based developer of “technology that captures the human sensory experience of taste and scent,” has raised $3.6 million in VC funding via the Propel(x) platform. Backers include Oriza Ventures, TEEC Angel Fund and individual angels. www.aromyx.co"
" Renoviso, a Boston-based recommendation engine for home renovation professionals, has raised $3.5 million in new VC funding. Bessemer Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers RRE Ventures and NextView Ventures. Read more"
" Cordata Healthcare Innovations LLC, a Cincinnati-based specialty care coordimnation platform, has raised just under $3 million in Series A funding (including convertible note conversion). First Health Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by seed backer CincyTech. www.cordatahealth.co"
" Mux, a San Francisco-based developer of performance analytics for video developers and media publishers, has raised $2.8 million in seed funding. Backers include SV Angel, Lowercase Capital, Susa Ventures, Liquid 2 Ventures, Advancit Capital, Pathbreaker Ventures, Y Combinator and individual angels. www.mux.co"
" Micrima, a UK-based breast imaging startup, has raised £2.6 million in VC funding. Backers include Technology Venture Partners, Swarraton Partners, Angel CoFund, University of Bristol Enterprise Fund and individual angels via the Venture Founders platform. www.micrima.com"
" American Industrial Partners has acquired Gerber Technology, a Tolland, Conn.-based provider of software, automation and vision systems for the apparel, graphics and packaging markets. No financial terms were disclosed. The seller was Vector Capital. www.gerbertechnology.co"
" Arrow Business Communications, a British telecom provider, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Growth Capital Partners. www.arrowcommunications.co.u"
" C3 IoT, a full-stack IoT development platform founded by by Thomas Siebel, has raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from TPG Growth. A source familiar with the deal says that the round is for $60 million. www.c3iot.co"
 General Electric (NYSE: GE) has completed the sale of its commercial lending and leasing business in India to a group of former GE Capital executives who were sponsored by AION Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ge.co
" New Mountain Capital Partners is merging two portfolio companies focused on the performance materials space: Avantor Performance Materials (Center Valley, Penn.) and NuSil Technology LLC (Carpintera, Calif.). The combined company will operate under the name Avantor. www.avantormaterials.co"
 There is no IPO news this morning
" Ardian has hired J.P. Morgan to find a buyer for Schustermann & Borenstein GmbH, a German fashion maker and seller of designer clothes, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be valued at around €700 million. Read more"
" Genstar Capital has hired William Blair & Co. to find a buyer for Tecomet Inc., a Wilmington, Mass.-based contract manufacturer for the medical device and aerospace industries, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at more than $1 billion (including debt). Read more"
" Areva (Paris: AREVA) has rejected a non-binding offer from General Electric (NYSE: GE) for Areva’s offshore wind power assets that are part of a joint venture with Spain’s Gamesa, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Caroussel, a Singapore-based mobile classifieds startup that recently raised $35 million in Series B funding, has acquired Watch Over Me, a Malaysia-based safety app primarily for women. No financial terms were disclosed. Carousel investors include Rakuen, Sequoia Capital, Golden Gate Ventures and 500 Startups. Read more"
" Deutsche Bank and Commerzbank senior executives reportedly held talks earlier this month on a merger of the two banks, which are the largest in Germany. The discussions are no longer active. Read more"
" Fosun International of China is in talks to acquire an equity stake in Russian investment bank Renaissance Capital, according to Reuters. Read more"
 The U.S. Department of Justice has filed an antitrust lawsuit to block Deere & Co. (NYSE:DE) from purchasing the Precision Planting farm equipment business of Monsanto Co. (NYSE: MON) Read more
" Ve Interactive, a London-based ad tech company, has acquired Optomaton, a Copenhagen-based provider of a video demand side platform, for €5.13 million in cash and stock. www.veinteractive.co"
 Hyde Park Venture Partners has closed its second fund with $65 million in capital commitments. Read more
" Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors has raised $1.55 billion for a new fund that will partner with management teams to acquire and developer large, long-life producing oil and gas assets in North America. www.kaynecapital.co"
" Peninsula Capital Partners, a Detroit-based subordinated debt firm, has closed its sixth fund with $402 million in capital commitments. Read more"
" TPG is planning to target more than $4 billion for its seventh Asia-focused buyout fund, according to Reuters. The firm’s sixth Asia fund was closed with $3.3 billion in 2014. "
" Gilde Buy Out Partners has named Karl van de Paer as head of investor relations and co-investments. He has been a partner with the firm since early last year and, before Gilde, he was a vice president with Catterton Partners. www.gilde.co"
 Nick Luckock has joined British private equity firm HgCapital as a partner and member of its services team. He previously was a partner with Actis. www.hgcapital.co
 Lisa Pinsley has joined Actis as a Johannesburg-based director on the private equity firm’s energy team. She previously was a director with American Capital Energy & Infrastructure. www.act.i
 Oliver Rochman has joined law firm Morrison & Foerster as a London-based partner focused on fund formation. He previously was with Proskauer. www.mofo.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"I spent a decent portion of yesterday on Twitter, discussing venture capital fund performance, in the wake of a Wall Street Journal article that included ROI and IRR data on Andreessen Horowitz's first three funds. To me, the data itself was fascinating (nice get, Rolfe Winkler!), since it's the first time in a very long time that we've gotten a quantitative look at how Sand Hill Road's buzziest shop is doing. And for those who are allergic to clicks, here you go:"
"Fund I (2009): 2.6x ROI, 42% IRRFund II (2010): 2.3x ROI, 25% IRRFund III (2012): 1.7x ROI, 27% IRR"
"Obviously these are strong numbers, although the vast majority of those ""returns"" remain on paper. And LPs are apparently satisfied, given how little time it took Andreessen Horowitz to raise its fifth fund earlier this year (or many LPs are scared sheep, but that's a different conversation for a different day)."
"The WSJ story, however, wasn't quite so positive (although, obviously, it never said the numbers were bad). First, it used Cambridge Associates benchmarks to argue that only Andreessen's first fund was top 5%, while its second fund didn't even make top quartile. And then, just to stick in the knife a bit deeper, it used less detailed info to argue that the firm also is lagging rivals like Benchmark, Sequoia Capital and Founders Fund."
"On the Cambridge Associates point, I say ""meh."" The average sample size for each of the three relevant vintage years is 44 funds, compared to the average of 187 U.S.-based VC funds raised in each of those years. So it's not a huge sample, and we know nothing about the identities of the included funds (including fund sizes, number of different managers, etc.)."
"As for comparing to the Sequoia fund with WhatsApp... well, yeah. That deal was LeBron block-level ridiculous. And, even without that beauty, Sequoia is consistently viewed by LPs are the single greatest venture capital firm out there (save for how it sometimes makes investors commit to side funds in order to get the flagship allocations they really want)."
"As for the other comparisons, I'll reserve judgment until we see actual distributions from big portfolio companies like Uber (Benchmark), Airbnb (Andreessen Horowitz) and SpaceX (Founders Fund). Not to mention from all other firms and portfolio companies in the venture universe. If Andreessen ends up top-decile, then even a low ranking in that rarefied stack is largely irrelevant. But if it falls lower -- particularly out of the top quartile -- then it will have some serious splainin to do (particularly given how it markets itself)."
"Late yesterday, Andreessen Horowitz published a detailed defense of its returns, focusing on how it uses a relatively conservative option-pricing model more common among growth equity and private equity firms than early-stage venture outfits. I've heard arguments that Andreessen Horowitz doth protest a bit too much, and I somewhat agree. On the other hand, I appreciate any and all transparency on such matters, plus the broader point that all carrying marks on VC portfolios are subjective until there is a distribution."
" Broader disclosure discussion: Some folks on Twitter also expressed surprise that this data isn't already public. After all, Andreessen Horowitz has raised money from some publicly-funded institutions like state school endowments"
"For the uninitiated, precious few public institutions disclose fund-level performance data for their venture capital or private equity funds. In many cases, the institutions have lobbied state lawmakers for exempting statutes, by arguing that such disclosure will cause top fund managers to refuse allocations. Ironically, a lot of the blame here can be traced back to Sequoia Capital (yes, the firm whose returns are obscenely good), based its petty decision to boot some public LPs last decade over performance disclosure risks. For example, we used to be able to get data from Michigan. Not anymore, however. And even some institutions that are required to disclose use such a long lag that, once the reports are published, they are largely meaningless (hi, UC Regents)."
"However, I have collected a group of publicly-available venture capital and private equity performance reports (some which I had to request via email), and published them on the website. Check out all the docs by going here."
"And if you would like to publicly share your firm's returns -- or you're an LP who thinks all of this secrecy is silly and/or counterproductive -- feel free to send me an email at dan_primack@fortune.com. If confidentiality is desired, it's yours..."
" Deal updates: Yesterday's edition noted that C3 IoT, a full-stack IoT development platform founded by by Thomas Siebel, had raised an undisclosed amount of equity funding from TPG Growth. We've since learned that the deal was for $70 million. Also, Wednesday's VC deals section reported that online real estate platform raised $75 million in Series D funding led by Wellington Management. We've since learned that the post-money valuation was approximately $1 billion"
 Publishing note: Term Sheet is off on Monday for the Labor Day holiday. We will return to our regularly-scheduled ramblings on Tuesday. Have a great long weekend.
" Thoma Bravo is in talks to acquire the software unit of Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) for between $8 billion and $10 billion, according to Reuters. Goldman Sachs is managing the process, which reportedly has seen interest from Vista Equity, The Carlyle Group and TPG Capital. Read more"
" Boku, a San Francisco direct carrier billing mobile payments company, has raised $13.75 million in new VC funding. Return backers include Khosla Ventures, Benchmark Capital, NEA, Index Ventures and DAG Ventures. www.boku.co"
" Beyond Verbal, an Israeli developer of voice-driven emotions analytics, has raised $3 million in Series A funding. KuangChi Science Ltd. led the round, and was joined by Winnovation and Singulariteam. www.beyondverbal.co"
" Criquet Shirts, an Austin, Texas-based men’s clothing startup, has raised $1.4 million in Series A funding led by CircleUp. www.criquetshirts.co"
" Actis has made a “significant investment” in Medis Group, a branded generic pharmaceuticals business in Tunisia and Algeria. Sellers include Africinvest. www.act.i"
" BJG Electronics Inc., a Ronkonkoma, N.Y.-based interconnect distributor to military and aviation OEMs, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Rockwood Equity Partners. www.bjgelectronics.co"
" The Carlyle Group is teaming with CITIC Group to bid on McDonald’s (NYSE: MCD) restaurants in China and Hong Kong, according to Reuters. A rival bid is expected from TPG Capital, which is working with Beijing Capital. Strategic suitors for the deal, which could be valued at between $2 billion and $3 billion, reportedly include China Cinda Asset Management, Sanpower Group and Beijing Tourism Group. Read more"
" Crestview Partners has agreed to acquire Accuride Corp. (NYSE: ACW), an Evansville, Ind.-based provider of components to the North American and European commercial vehicle industries. The deal is valued at $424 million ($124m of equity value), or $2.58 per share (55% premium over yesterday’s closing price). www.accuride.co"
" Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) has sold its 21% equity stake in India-listed IT services provider Mphasis Ltd. to The Blackstone Group for approximately $825 million. As part of the deal, HPE renewed its existing master services agreement with Mpahsis. www.mphasis.co"
" KKR has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Epicor Software Corp., an Austin, Texas-based provider of sales and supply chain management software, from Apax Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.epicor.co"
" KKR is no longer in talks to acquire South Korean hypermarket chain Kim’s Club from E-Land Group, due to a dispute over price. Read more"
" NewQuest Capital Partners has acquired Integreon Inc., a Los Angeles-based provider of outsourced legal, document, research and business services, from Actis and Livelt Investments. No financial terms were disclosed. www.integreon.co"
" The Riverside Company has acquired European Panel Co., a France-based maker of panels for overhead doors in the residential, commercial and industrial markets. No financial terms were disclosed. www.riversidecompany.co"
" Tilley Capital has sponsored a recapitalization of Electromedical Products International Inc., a Mineral Wells, Texas-based maker of a handheld device used to treat anxiety, insomnia, depression, and pain. No financial terms were disclosed. Generational Equity advised EPI on the transaction, which closed June 30. www.alpha-stim.co"
" TPG Capital has held preliminary discussions with about purchasing security software group McAfee from Intel Corp., according to Bloomberg. Other private equity firms that had shown early interest, including Permira and Thoma Bravo, reportedly are no longer pursuing the deal, which could value McAfee at upwards of $3 billion. Read more"
" Trescal, a French calibration services company owned by Ardian, has acquired Precision Metrology Inc., a Milwaukee-based calibration services provider whose shareholders include JPB Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.trescal.co"
" Vestar Capital Partners has completed its previously-announced $3.6 billion sale of The Sun Products Co., a Wilton, Conn.-based maker of laundry and household brands like Wisk and Snuggle, to Germany's Henkel AG. www.sunproductscorp.co"
" Yum Brands (NYSE: YUM) is selling a stake in its Chinese operations to Primavera Capital and Ant Financial (a unit of Alibaba Group) for $460 million ($410m and $50m, respectively). The deal is expected to close on October 31, in conjunction with a spinoff of the business. Read more"
 There is no IPO news this morning
" Parthenon Capital Partners is seeking a buyer for Bracket, a Wayne, Penn.-based clinical trial specialty services provider, according to Dow Jones. www.bracketglobal.co"
" E-Land Group, a South Korean apparel and retail company, has agreed to sell its Teenie Weenie youth fashion brand to China’s V-Grass Fashion Co. for nearly $900 million. Read more"
" Haynes and Boone, a Dallas-based corporate law firm, has completed its previously-announced merger with London-based Curtis Davis Garrard. The combined firm will be called Haynes and Boone CDG in the UK, and Haynes and Boone in the U.S. www.haynesboone.co"
 No firm or fund news this morning
Ryan Goldenberg has joined private equity firm LLR Partners as a vice president focused on financial services investments. He previously was part of the growth equity practice at Houlihan Lokey. www.llrpartners.co
 Steve Loughlin has joined venture firm Accel as a partner. He previously was CEO of SalesforceIQ. www.accel.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"No column this morning, due to a combination of the long weekend (read: no one was picking up phones on Friday) and my mistaken belief that I could adequately read and digest a ton of legal documents early this morning. But at least there was a lot of news to blurb, all below for your perusing pleasure. All will be back to normal tomorrow..."
" Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) has agreed to acquire Movidius, a San Mateo, Calif.-based maker of computational image-processor chips and software for applications like drones and virtual reality. No financial terms were disclosed"
"Movidius has raised over $90 million in VC funding, from firms like Summit Bridge Capital, Arch Venture Partners, Sunny Optical Technology Group, AIB Seed Capital Fund, Capital-E, DFJ Esprit and Robert Bosch Venture Capital. Read more."
" Saildrone Inc., an Alameda, Calif.-based provider of ocean data collected by a fleet of autonomous sailing drones, has raised $14 million in Series A funding. Social Capital led the round, and was joined by the Capricorn Investment Group and Lux Capital. Read more"
" Zlingo, an e-commerce fashion marketplace for Southeast Asia, has raised $8 million in Series A funding. Backers include Sequoia India, Venturra Capital, Susquehanna International Group, Wavemaker Partners, Beenext, Beenos and Digital Garage. Read more"
" OncoDNA SA, a Belgium-based developer of cancer diagnostics, has raised €7.7 million in new VC funding. Ackermans & van Haaren, SWIW, CPH and Inventures were joined by return backers IPG/bio.be, Invest4OncoDNA, Sambrinvest and Vinsovier. www.oncodna.co"
" VizEat, a Paris-based social dining startup that lets travelers eat in locals’ homes, has raised €3.8 million in new VC funding from backers like Eurovestech. Read more"
" Divido, a British payment startup that lets consumers spread costs over a period of time (while merchants get paid in full immediately), has raised £2.5 million in seed funding co-led by Mangrove Capital and DN Capital. Read more"
" Zettabox, a London-based provider of cloud storage and big-file transfer services for the enterprise, has raised an undisclosed amount of VC funding from individuals like Henrik Kraft (ex-KKR). www.zettaboxco"
" CenterOak Partners has acquired a majority stake in Wetzel’s Pretzels LLC, a Pasadena, Calif.-based owner and franchisor of soft pretzel stores, from Levine Leichtman Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.wetzels.co"
" GI Partners has agreed to acquire Daxko Inc., a Birmingham, Ala.-based provider of software to member-based health and wellness organizations, from Pamlico Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.daxko.co"
" Morgan Stanley Global Private Equity has acquired a stake in Cadence Education Inc., a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based early childhood education, from Audax Group. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cadence-education.co"
" Oval Partners has acquired Laser Options Inc., a Phoenix-based provider of laser toner cartridge remanufacturing and other managed print services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.laseroptions.co"
" Vista Equity Partners has acquired Regulatory DataCorp Inc., a King of Prussia, Penn.-based provider of governance, risk and compliance software, from shareholders that include Bain Capital Ventures. No financial terms were disclosed. www.rdc.co"
"  Avista Healthcare Public Acquisition Co., a blank check acquisition company formed by private equity firm Avista Capital Partners, has filed for a $300 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol AHPAU, with Credit Suisse serving as underwriter. www.avistacap.co"
"  Fulgent Genetics Inc., a Temple City, Calif.-based provider of genetic testing services, has filed for a $50 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol FLGT, with Credit Suisse and Piper Jaffray serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $5 million net loss on $7.4 million in revenue for the first six months of 2016. www.fulgentgenetics.co"
"  Mammoth Energy Services Inc., an Oklahoma City-based oilfield services company, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TUSK. No banks are listed as underwriters. The company is a subsidiary of Mammoth Energy Partners LP, and reports a $29.5 million net loss on around $47 million in revenue for the first six months of 2016. www.mammothenergypartners.co"
" Fresenius SE & Co. (DB:FRE) has agreed to acquire IDC Salud, Spain’s largest private hospital company, for €5.76 billion. Sellers include CVC Capital Partners, which holds a 58% ownership stake. The remaining shares are held by company management. Read more"
" ProSiebenSat.1 (XTRA: PSM) has agreed to acquire a majority stake in German online dating company Parship Elite at an enterprise value of around €300 million. Sellers include Oakley Capital, which will retain a minority equity position. Read more"
" Symphony Technology Group has sold Evidera, a Bethesda, Md.-based provider of health information and research services, to Pharmaceutical Product Development LLC. No financial terms were disclosed. www.evidera.co"
" Altice (Amsterdam: ATC) has agreed to acquire the 22% stake it does not already hold in French broadband and telecom carrier SFR Group (Paris: SFR), for around €2.4 billion. Read more"
 Bayer AG said that it is willing to sweeten its $65 billion takeover bid for Monsanto (NYSE: MON). Read more
" CareerBuilder, a unit of Tegna (NYSE: TGNA), has agreed to acquire Workterra, a Pleasanton, Calif.-based provider of human capital management software. No financial terms were disclosed. www.careerbuilder.co"
"Danaher (NYSE: DHR) has agreed to acquire Sunnyvale, Calif.-based molecular diagnostics company Cepheid (Nasdaq: CPHD) for approximately $4 billion in cash, or $53 per share (54% premium, to Friday's closing price). Read more"
" Enbridge Inc. (NYSE:ENB) has agreed to acquire Spectra Energy Corp. (NYSE: SE) in an all-stock deal that values Spectra at around US$28 billion, or $40.33 per Spectra share (11.5% premium to Friday’s closing price). The combined North American energy infrastructure company would have a pro-forma enterprise value of approximately $127 billion. Read more"
 General Electric (NYSE: GE) has offered to buy two publicly-listed makers of machines for metals-based 3D printing – Arcam (Swiden) and SLM Solutions (Germany) – for a total of $1.4 billion. Read more
" Twitter's (NYSE: TWTR) board of directors this week will meet to discuss, among other things, ""its fate as a standalone company,"" according to Recode. Read more"
" Northzone, a Norway-based venture capital firm, has closed its eighth fund with €300 million in capital commitments. Read more"
 Bain & Co. has named Weiwen Han as managing director of the consulting firm’s Greater China practice. He previously was a senior partner in Bain & Co.’s private equity group. Read more
" David Delaney, former EVP and COO of Potash Corporation ofSaskatchewan (NYSE: POT), has joined Paine & Partners as a strategic advisor focused on “investment opportunities in the upstream segment of the food and agribusiness value chain.” www.painepartners.co"
" Inflexion Private Equity, a UK-based middle-market private equity firm, has promoted Mark Williams from investment director to partner. The firm also has hired Andrew Veville (ex-Octopus Healthcare) as an assistant director. www.inflexion.co"
 Vinay Shah has joined Leerink Transformation Partners as a vice president. He previously was a senior analyst with Longitude Capital. www.ltpequity.co
" Tim Throsby has agreed to join Barclays as head of its corporate and international divisions, which include its investment bank, international wealth and U.S. credit card units. He currently leads equities at J.P. Morgan Chase. Read more"
 Sébastien Veil has joined Advent International as a Paris-based director. He previously spent seven years with PAI Partners. www.adventinternational.co
" Brian Wilson has joined The Carlyle Group as a Sydney-based senior advisor to the firm’s Asia buyout team. He currently is chairman of Australia’s Foreign Investment Review Board, chancellor of the University of Technology Sydney, non-executive director of Bell Financial Group and a member of the Payments System Board for the Reserve Bank of Australia. www.carlyle.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Once each year, I ask you to participate in a Reader Survey that provides us with information that both: (a) Improves your daily content, and (b) Helps sell sponsorships, so that your Term Sheet remains free-of-charge each morning."
"So I'm hoping you can take a few minutes to fill out our annual questionnaire by going here, or by pasting the following URL in your browser: http://v2.decipherinc.com/survey/selfserve/20f6/160808"
"Much thanks for your help. Now, moving on..."
" Dell deal done: Dell and EMC this morning announced that their mega-merger has closed, nearly one year after initial press reports of combination talks (albeit around 18 months after the discussions actually began). I'll have more about this on the website soon ― as will my colleague Barb Darrow, who spoke with Michael Dell within the past hour ― but I wanted to share a few notes on the financial angle, given that it initially seemed fantastical that Dell could ever find the $50 billion or so in debt that was required to purchase EMC"
"1. The final financing package is neither investment grade nor high-yield. Instead, it's a hybrid of the two ― a structure that lead banker J.P. Morgan and Dell sponsor Silver Lake only arrived at after several earlier machinations (including an original hope that the entire thing could be done investment grade, even though Dell's credit is generally viewed less favorably). The key on the investment grade side was to use company collateral to raise the ratings, including the promise of several divestitures that would reduce the overall debt load. Also important was that Michael Dell was contributing a whole lot of equity, thus better enabling the crossover rating and making this sort of structure unlikely to be repeated for a more traditional leveraged buyout."
"2. The final package included $13 billion of bank loans (compared to $12b target), $20 billion of investment-grade loans ($16b target, $100b in subscriptions), $5 billion in lower-grade bank loans ($8b target) and just over $3 billion of high-yield loans ($7b target)."
"3. One thing that particularly aided in the debt sale was the knowledge that Dell-EMC would take a long time to close, due to regulatory processes in the U.S. and China. That gave J.P. Morgan the flexibility to sell each of the tranches one at a time (in the aforementioned order), using a base of early buyers to persuade later buyers. In addition, the capital markets happened to improve over the time period. However, the slow roll also caused some market confusion, sparking media reports that the debt sale process was stalled. Adding to the troubles was the change in management at Barclays, which included a sale of some bridge loans that new CEO Jes Staley didn't particularly like holding. Those reports ended up causing Dell to lose some bank loan orders (although the overall tranche was upsized by $1 billion)."
"4. When Michael Dell and Silver Lake originally took Dell Inc. private in 2013, we wrote about how that deal's debt structure allowed the company to keep its financials secret. Going forward, I'm a bit unclear on how transparent the company will be (outside of issues related to its VMWare tracking stock). Michael Dell told Barb Darrow this morning that Dell will be a ""publicly reporting"" company, but my understanding is that the new bonds have major deferrals in their registration requirements ― to the point that they don't force Dell to become a public filer for years (versus the normal six months)."
" Personnel move: Hunter Peterson has stepped down as a partner with Trinity Hunt Partners, after more than a decade with the Dallas-based private equity firm. His next stop is a partnership role with The Riverside Company"
" Time's up: We reported in March that Jack Daly was leaving Goldman Sachs, where he led a merchant banking group that made control investments in large industrial companies, in order to join TPG Capital as head of industrials. It seems like Daly's garden leave must have ended, because TPG made the move official yesterday in a press release"
" Politically predictable: Back in June, I suggested that Indiana Gov. Mike Pence should resign his day job, because pay-to-play rules would prevent many investment managers from contributing to the Trump/Pence presidential ticket"
"With this in mind, Goldman Sachs has now banned all partner-level employees from ""engaging in political activities and/or making campaign contributions to candidates running for state and local offices, as well as sitting state and local officials running for federal office."" (h/t Politico.)"
"The rules do not, of course, affect the Clinton/Kaine campaign, as neither of them are running for state office, nor are they sitting state officials."
" New firm alert: Long Venture Partners has launched as a VC firm focused on consumer-related big data and AI startups. It is expected to focus on Silicon Valley-based startups, but with a cross-border emphasis on leveraging China"
"Long VP is co-led by Sam Yu, a onetime investment pro with Chinese venture firm SAIF Partners, and Ernestine Fu, who remains listed as a venture partner with Alsop Louie Partners (where her deals have included Gfycat and Wickr). According to an SEC filing, Long Venture Partners is raising upwards of $50 million for its debut fund, with $20 million already committed."
 Package deal: Online pharmacy PillPack yesterday disclosed in an SEC filing that it has secured $31.1 million of what could be a new $40 million VC round. We've since learned a few things
"(1) The deal is being done at a pre-money valuation of approximately $330 million, which makes this an up-round over the company's Series C infusion from last summer. (2) The round remains open, and there is a chance that it could end up closer to $50 million than $40 million. (3) The company now has around 400 employees, up from just 100 at this time last year."
"(4) One of the new investors is Astral Capital, which is a new Boston-based firm founded by Jon Karlen. Also notable that Karlen is a former partner with Accomplice (the spun-out tech team of Atlas Venture) -- while PillPack's existing board includes two of his former colleagues, Accomplice partner Jeff Fagnan and now-Accel partner Fred Destin."
" Best Logistics Technologies Ltd., a Chinese logistics company, has raised $650 million in new equity funding. CITIC Private Equity led the round, and was joined by Fosun International, China Development Bank, Cainiao Smart Logistics Network (a unit of Alibaba) and existing shareholders Goldman Sachs and CDH Investments. www.800best.co"
" GoSpotCheck, a Denver-based field execution management platform, has raised $16.5 million in Series B funding. Insight Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backer Point Nine Capital. www.gospotcheck.co"
" Cheddar, a live news and entertainment startup, has raised $10 million in new VC funding. Return backer Lightspeed Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by new investors Comcast Ventures and Ribbit Capital. www.cheddar.co"
" MP Objects BV, a Dutch provider of customer chain control SaaS, has raised $10 million in growth equity funding from Updata Partners. www.mp-objects.co"
" Media Startup X, an stealthy startup from Politico co-founder Jim VandeHei, has raised around $10 million in VC funding from firms like Lerer Hippeau Ventures and NBC Universal. Read more"
" DailyPay Inc., a New York-based provider of daily payment solutions to employees and contractors, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. RPM Ventures led the round, and was joined by Draper Frontier and Inspiration Ventures. www.trydailypay.co"
" Intensity Analytics, a Warrenton, Va.-based data security startup, has raised $5 million in VC funding from undisclosed investors. www.intensityanalytics.co"
" kWh Analytics, a San Francisco-based risk management platform for the solar industry, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. Anthemis Group led the round, and was joined by ENGIE. www.kwhanalytics.co"
" Callstats.io, a Finnish provider of video call performance analytics, has raised $3 million in Series A funding led by True Ventures. Read more"
" A-1 Machine Manufacturing Inc., a Santa Clara, Calif.-based maker of machines components and systems for the flat-panel display and semiconductor equipment markets, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Graycliff Partners. www.graycliffpartners.co"
" Brookfield Asset Management has agreed to acquire a 90% stake in natural gas distribution network Nova Transportadora do Sudeste SA from Petroleo Brasileiro SA for $5.2 billion, according to Reuters. Singapore sovereign wealth fund GIC and British Columbia’s pension fund also are participating. No word on the involvement of private equity firm First Reserve, which Bloomberg previously reported was part of the consortium. Read more"
" Electric Guard Dog LLC, a Columbia, S.C.-based portfolio company of Snow Phipps Group, has acquired the assets of Perimeter Security Systems LLC, a Ventura, Calif.-based regional provider of electric security fencing, from WSB & Co. No financial terms were disclosed. www.electricguarddog.co"
" Leeds Equity Partners has merged four portfolio companies – Covenant Review, LevFin Insights, CapitalStructure and PacerMonitor -- into Fulcrum Financial Data LLC, which will provide real-time news, covenant analysis and data content for the credit markets. www.fulcrumfinancialdata.co"
" MBK Partners and TPG Capital have submitted a joint bid for Wharf T&T Ltd., a provider of fixed-line telecom services in Hong Kong, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be valued at around $1 billion, with the private equity consortium bidding against SmarTone Telecommunications Holdings (HK: 315). Read more"
" Platinum Equity has acquired Fabcon, a Savage, Minn.-based manufacturer of precast, pre-stressed concrete wall panels for nonresidential construction applications, from the company’s founders. No financial terms were disclosed. www.fabcon-usa.co"
" Sciens Building Solutions, a provider of fire detection and security services, has acquired WSA Systems-Boca Inc., a Boca Raton, Fla.-based designer and installer of maintenance services for fire detection and clean agent fire suppression systems. No financial terms were disclosed. Sciens is a portfolio company of Huron Capital Partners. www.huroncapital.co"
" Total SA (Paris: FP) has developed a short-list of bidders for its electronic materials unit Atotech, and may choose a winner of the $3 billion auction by month’s end, according to Bloomberg. Those making the final cut reportedly include The Carlyle Group, CVC Capital Partners and a joint offer from BC Partners with Cinven. Read more"
" Everbridge Inc., a Burlington, Mass.-based provider of critical communications and enterprise safety applications, has set its IPO terms to 7.5 million shares being offered at between $11 and $13 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $323 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol EBVG, with Credit Suisse and BofA Merrill Lynch serving as co-lead underwriters. Everbridge reports a $6 million net loss on $35.6 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to a $3.2 million net loss on $27.3 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Shareholders include ABS Ventures (31.2% pre-IPO stake). www.everbridge.co"
"  Trade Desk Inc., a Ventura, Calif.-based self-serve digital ad platform, has set its IPO terms to 4.67 million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $573 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TTD, with Citigroup serving as left lead underwriter. Trade Desk reports $6.6 million of net income on $76 million in revenue for the first six months of 2016, compared to 5.7 million of net income on $42 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Investors include IA Ventures (19.8% pre-IPO stake), Founder Collective (14.1%), Wellington Management (11.5%) and Highwind (7%). www.thetradedesk.co"
" Advent International and Bain Capital raised around $1.3 billion via a partial sale of their minority stake in British payment processing company Worldpay Group PLC (LSE: WPG), besting estimates. Read more"
" Box (NYSE: BOX) has acqu-hired the team from Wagon Analytics, a San Francisco-based data analytics platform. No financial terms were disclosed. Wagon had been seeded by Fuel Capital, Harrison Metal Capital, Homebrew, Lerer Hippeau Ventures and SV Angel"
" Concept Laser, a German 3D printing company, has hired PJT Partners to find a buyer, according to Reuters. A deal could be worth more than €500 million. Read more"
 Carl Icahn has agreed to acquire the 18% stake he doesn’t already own in Michigan-based auto parts maker Federal-Mogul Holdings (Nasdaq: FDML) for $9.25 per share. Read more
" iZettle, a Swedish provider of mobile point-of-sale solutions, has acquired Intelligentpos, a provider of inventory management software for the hospitality market. No financial terms were disclosed. iZettle has raised over $170 million in VC funding from firms like Creandum, Dawn Capital, Index Ventures, Northzone, Intel Capital, Zouk Capital and 83North. Read more"
" Toluna, a UK-based provider of online customer surveys, has acquired Crossense, an Israeli developer of online passive measurement tools. No financial terms were disclosed. Crosense was incubated by Nielsen. Read more"
" Volkswagen AG has acquired a 16.6% strategic stake in Navistar International (NYSE: NAV), a Lisle, Ill.-based maker of commercial and military trucks, for around $256 million. Read more"
" iBionext Growth Fund, a Paris-based VC firm focused on healthcare startups, has held a €46 million first close for its debut fund, which is targeting a total of €100 million. www.ibionext.co"
" KKR is pre-marketing its third Asia buyout fund with a $7 billion target, according to Reuters. Formal fundraising is expected to kick off by year-end. Read more"
" OpCapita, a British turnaround firm, has closed its second fund with €350 million in capital commitments. www.opcapita.co"
" Swander Pace Capital, a private equity firm focused on consumer products companies in North America and Britain, has closed its sixth fund with $510 million in capital commitments. www.spcap.co"
 Nicklaus Daley has joined Water Street Healthcare Partners as a vice president. He previously was an associate with CIVC Partners. www.waterstreet.co
 Mark Grabowski has joined TPG Growth as a partner focused on consumer investments. He previously was with L Catterton. Read more
" Stephanie Gaufin and Sandy McKinnon have joined growth equity firm Mainsail Partners as vice presidents. Gaufin previously was with Altamont Capital Partners, while McKinnon was with Francisco Partners. www.mainsailpartners.co"
 Brock Hardaway has joined Frazier Healthcare Partners as an operating partner on the firm’s growth buyout team. He previously was CEO of toxicology lab CEO of Millennium Health. www.frazierhealthcare.co
" Tom Iacono and Grace Kim have joined iCapital Network as chief financial officer and head of investor relations, respectively. Iacono previously spent more than a decade in various executive roles with General Electric, while Kim was with Fir Tree Partners. www.icapitalnetwork.co"
" Spencer Potts and Ruth Lane have joined MidOcean Partners as head of business development and head of investor relations, respectively. Both previously were with CIFC LLC. www.midoceanpartners.co"
 John Roddy has joined Raymond James as a managing director and co-head of financial services investment banking. He previously was global head of Macquarie Capital’s financial institutions group. www.raymondjames.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Please take our annual Reader Survey. Thanks in advance...
Some items to kick off your Thursday...
" Back A'Round: Longtime venture capitalist Howard Morgan is stepping down as a partner with First Round Capital, the early-stage VC firm he co-founded back in 2004 with Josh Kopelman"
"The move will become official at year-end ― when First Round begins investing a new $175 million fund it just quietly raised ― with Morgan expected to remain active in the startup world as an angel investor, while also maintaining some of his existing First Round board seats. And, yes, Morgan will still cameo in the firm's next holiday video."
"""He was my first angel investor and has backed every project I’ve worked on since,"" writes First Round co-founder Josh Kopelman, in a Medium post scheduled to go live later this morning. ""I know I speak for everyone here at First Round when I say we’re deeply indebted to him — for his wisdom, humor, and helping build this special place we get to work at every day."""
"First Round also will announce the promotion of Brett Berson, current VP of platform, to the firm's partnership. He actually began with the firm as an intern out of NYU (working on, among other things, the initial holiday video), and now will have a vote on new deals (he'll also have the opportunity to lead deals, but his primary day job remains leading platform)."
"As an aside, Howard was the first venture capitalist I ever saw speak at an industry conference. It was just before the dotcom bust), and I'm pretty sure he was discussing Idealab and Cars.com before a packed New York City hotel ballroom. A VC rock star before there really were VC rock stars...."
" That was quick: Scott Belsky is no longer a general partner at venture capital firm Benchmark, just seven months after taking the job. Read more here. Also worth noting that while LPs had been saying for a while that Benchmark would raise its next fund in Q4, word now is that it won't come until sometime in 2017"
" Meet the MPW: Fortune is out today with its annual Most Powerful Women in Business list. Those of particular interest to Term Sheet readers include Fidelity Investments boss Abby Johnson (#5), JPMorgan CFO Marianne Lake ($28), Syncrony Financial CEO Margaret Keane (#29), JPMorgan Asset Management boss Mary Erdoes (#30) Citigroup Latin America CEO Jane Fraser (#46) and GE vice chair Beth Comstock ($48)"
"You can view the full MPW list by going here (yes, EpiPen villain Healther Bresch is on there). Plus, here's a discussion of last year's honorees who didn't make the 2016 cut."
" No go: President Obama is threatening to veto proposed bipartisan legislation that would reduce the amount of information that private equity firms and other financial advisors are required to provide to the SEC. Among other things, it would not requiring PE firms to submit the very investor communications that often have been found to lack information about such things as accelerated monitoring fees (thus leading to regulatory penalties). Here is the White House statement"
" Coming attractions: Snapchat is talking to ""investment bankers about filing for an IPO towards the end of this year or early in 2017,"" per The Information. Would be fascinating if the company, relatively new to revenue, were to reach the public markets before Uber, Airbnb, etc"
 Quiz Time: Can you name the CEO of a VC-backed e-commerce company (valued in the hundreds of millions of dollars) who was just booted as CEO? Hint: East Coast
" Today in Theranos: Brooke Buchanan, the erstwhile PR rep who didn't seem to know what she was getting into when she joined Theranos last November, yesterday took a job at Whole Foods. No word yet on if Elizabeth Holmes will be working the produce aisle"
" Reader reminder: If you haven't already taken our annual Reader Survey, please do so by going here"
" TPG Capital has agreed to acquire a 51% stake in the McAfee security software business of Intel Corp. (Nasdaq: INTC) for $3.1 billion ($2 billion of which will be new debt). The deal values McAfee at around $4.2 billion, compared to the $7.7 billion Intel paid to acquire the business back in 2010. Read more"
" OfferUp, a Seattle-based mobile marketplace for U.S. buyers and sellers, has raised $119 million in Series C-1 funding at a valuation north of $1 billion. Warburg Pincus led the round, and was joined by GGV Capital, Altimeter Capital and return backers like investors Andreessen Horowitz, T. Rowe Price, Vy Capital and Coatue Management. Read more"
" HashiCorp., a San Francisco-based DevOps infrastructure startup, has raised $24 million in Series B funding. GGV Capital led the round, and was joined by Redpoint Ventures, Mayfield and True Ventures. www.hashicorp.co"
" Dizzion Inc., a Denver-based provider of end-user computing services, has raised $6.4 million in new VC funding. Grotech Ventures and Access Venture Partners co-led the round, and were joined by Correlation Ventures and Point B Capital. www.dizzion.co"
" Armune BioScience, a Kalamazoo, Mich.-based developer of a blood test for prostate cancer, has raised $5 million in Series A funding from firms like Grand Angeles Venture Fund. The company also said that it has hired Mavericks Capital as placement agent for a $25 million Series B round. www.armune.co"
" Octiv, an Indianapolis-based provider of sales productivity solutions, has raised $4.75 million in VC funding from GE Ventures, Greycroft Partners, High Alpha Capital and Allos Partners. www.octiv.co"
" Nextail, a Spanish provider of inventory management SaaS, has raised $1.6 million in new VC funding. Nauta Capital led the round, and was joined by seed backer Realiza. Read more"
" Ousta, an Egyptian ride-hailing app, has raised $1.25 million in bridge funding, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Area Wide Protective, a Kent, Ohio-based portfolio company of The Riverside Company, has acquired All State Traffic Control, a Bristol, Conn.-based provider of flagging services to utilities, utility contractors and roadway maintenance and repair customers in the Northeast. No financial terms were disclosed. www.awptrafficsafety.co"
" Charme Capital Partners has acquired a majority stake in JD Classics, a UK-based restorer and retailer of premium classic road and race cars. No financial terms were disclosed. www.jdclassics.co.u"
" China Everbright Ltd. and IDG Capital Partners have acquired a control stake in China-based arts college Shanghai Film Academy, according to Private Equity International. No financial terms were disclosed. www.sfaa.com.c"
" Golden Gate Capital has completed its previously-announced acquisition of bankrupt apparel retailer Pacific Sunwear of California Inc. (PacSun), including a debt restructuring. Read more"
" Harvest Partners has led a $250 million investment into OTG Management, a New York-based operator of airport food and beverage concessions with more than 230 locations across 11 airports. www.otgexp.co"
" Nazca Capital has agreed to acquire around a 75% stake in CAIBA, a Spanish maker of PET preforms and containers for the food, household products and personal hygiene sectors. No financial terms were disclosed. www.nazca.e"
" Newfit, a licensee of six Fitness Connection health clubs in Dallas, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from LNK Capital (which also is an investor in Fitness Connection). No financial terms were disclosed, except that Golub Capital provided senior debt. www.lnkpartners.co"
" Societe Generale is in talks to sell its 49% stake in a mutual fund joint venture with Chinese state-owned Baosteel Group, to Warburg Pincus, according to Reuters. Read more"
There is no IPO news this morning
" Altamont Capital Partners has sold Modern Healthcare Inc., an Orlando-based specialty pharmacy focused on patients with chronic illnesses, to The Kroger Co. (NYSE: KR). No financial terms were disclosed. www.altamontcapital.co"
" The Blackstone Group and portfolio company Fisterra Energy have sold 84-turbine Mexican wind farm Ventika to IEnova, a subsidiary of Sempra Energy (NYSE: SRE) at an enterprise value of $852 million (including $447m of assumed debt). Read more"
" Liberty Media (Nasdaq: LMCK) has agreed to acquire Formula One in a two-part transaction that would value the auto racing company at around $8 billion. First, Liberty Media will acquire an 18.7% stake in the company for $746 million in cash from an investor group led by CVC Capital Partners. Then next year it will purchase the rest from CVC and other shareholders ($354m in cash, $3.3b in newly-issued shares in a Liberty Media tracking stock to be renamed Formula One Group). Read more"
" PAI Partners and Goldman Sachs have launched an auction for Xella International SA, a German building materials company that could be worth more than €2 billion, according to Blomberg. Several private equity firms reportedly are considering bids. Xella last year postponed an IPO, citing unfavorable market conditions. Read more"
 Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (NYDSE: HPE) has agreed to spin off its software business to UK-based Micro Focus (LSE: MCRO) in an $8.8 billion deal. There had been earlier reports that private equity firm Thoma Bravo had serious buy-side interest. Read more
" T. Rowe Price, the largest outside shareholder in Netsuite (NYSE: N), said that it will not tender its shares for Oracle's (Nasdaq: ORCL) proposed $9.3 billion acquisition of the cloud computing company. Read more"
" XIO Group of London completed its previously-announced acquisition of J.D. Power & Associates, a Costa Mesa, Calif.-based market research firm, from McGraw Hill Financial (NYSE: MHFI) for $1.1 billion. www.jdpower.co"
" Dyal Capital Partners, a unit of Neuberger Berman Private Equity, has acquired a passive, non-voting minority interest in Starwood Capital Group. No financial terms were disclosed. www.starwoodcapital.co"
 Martin Beirne has joined private equity firm Cimbria Capital as an operating partner focused on the natural resources sector. He previously was president and CEO of Green Earth Fuels. www.cimbriacapital.co
" Paul Gibson has joined Hercules Capital as a Washington, D.C.-based managing director in the firm’s technology group. He previously was a managing director at Horizon Technology Finance. www.htgc.co"
" Kevin Hartz, co-founder and former CEO of Eventbrite, has joined VC firm Founders Fund as a partner. www.foundersfund.co"
 Carl Mayer has joined Guggenheim Partners as a senior managing director focused on leveraged loans and high-yield bonds. He previously led U.S. leveraged finance for Nomura. Read more. www.guggenheimpartners.co
" Kelly McCullum has rejoined Frazier Healthcare Partners as an operating partner on the growth buyout team. He had first joined the Seattle-based firm as an operating partner in 2006, and helped form mobile radiology company TridentUSA Health Services. Most recently, he served as the company’s president and COO. www.frazierhealthcare.co"
" Craig Phillips is leaving BlackRock, where he led the Financial Markets Advisory unit, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Revelstoke Capital Partners has promoted Andrew Welch and Arion Robbins to principal, and Jonathan Miller to senior associate. The firm also hired Michael Constantinides (ex-Cain & Co.) and Alan Fredian (ex-Houlihan Lokey) as associates. www.revelstokecp.co"
" The Riverside Company has promoted both Meranee Phing (San Francisco) and Nick Speer (Melborune) to partner. The firm also formally announced the arrival of new partner Hunter Peterson (ex-Trinity Hunt Partners), as previously reported by Term Sheet. www.riversidecompany.co"
" Daniel Yergin, vice chairman of HIS Markit and the author of a Pulitzer Prize-winning book about the oil industry, has joined The Carlyle Group as a senior advisor. www.carlyle.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Some very quick notes, as there was way more deal news than usual for a Friday..."
" Hmmmmm: In discussing the Dell-EMC merger financing earlier this week, I wrote: "" Also important was that Michael Dell was contributing a whole lot of equity, thus better enabling the crossover rating and making this sort of structure unlikely to be repeated for a more traditional leveraged buyout."""
"Part of the subtext here was that today's private equity firms are loathe to club up, both because of resulting management confusion (remember SunGard?) and because LPs don't like the layered exposure and varied fees when several of their GPs do the same deal (again, remember SunGard?). Sure there is some extra equity cheese from LP co-investors, but the continued hibernation of club deals is a big reason why the stock market boom hasn't been matched by a series of mega-LBOs."
"So it's perhaps notable that today's private equity deals section includes a possible $2.5 billion transaction that includes a four-firm private equity consortium (hoping to buy CenturyLink's data centers business). It doesn't necessarily mean anything beyond several firms believing that this is an unusual, one-off opportunity. And this is no mega-deal. Still, worth keeping an eye on..."
" New firm alert: The Yard Ventures has launched as a venture capital firm focused on startups founded by Harvard University alumni (albeit without any formal relationship to the school). It also seeks to be funded by Harvard alums ($25k-$100k per investor), taking upwards of 99 each year (per its website)"
"TYV is led by co-founder Michael Madden, who previously was a managing director with Square 1 Bank. He is joined by fellow co-founder Michael Collins (CEO of Launch Angels, ex-TA Associates), vice president Erin Kutner McCafferty (former senior investment officer with the Massachusetts pension system) and New York-based ""regional partner"" Jason Klein (On Grid Ventures). Advisors include Weston Presidio co-founder Michael Cronin."
" Answer Key: Yesterday I asked you to name the CEO of a VC-backed e-commerce company (valued in the hundreds of millions of dollars) who was just booted as CEO? The correct answer is Deepak Agarwal, founder and CEO of Choxi.com (f.k.a. Nomorerack)"
"In short, it's a gigantic mess. And if you need proof, almost everyone I called associated with the company directed me to the company's general counsel. Seems that many vendors haven't been paid for months -- including the company's outsourced customer service team, which is probably why no one picks up the phone on its customer service line -- and the Internet is littered with user complaints about missing orders."
"That lawyer, Cliff Schneider, confirmed that Agarwal -- who has a fairly shady history -- is no longer CEO, but he would not say if Agarwal remained on the board of directors. Schneider also says the company is now being managed by a group of individuals with a ""good background in restructuring,"" and that the company has ""received a loan from current investors."""
"Schneider wouldn't identify either the new managers nor the investors, although lead outside back Oak Investment Partners (yes, this was an Ifty Ahemed deal) says that it did not participate and is no longer on the board. The attorney also wouldn't confirm Agarwal's past statements about the company's profitability nor would he identify any current board members, simply saying that ""private companies don't need to discuss those things."""
"Perhaps, but there's also an argument that companies in the midst of such financial and management tumult should be transparent with their customers, from whom they keep collecting credit cards."
"Emails to Agarwal were not returned, and his work voicemail is too full to accept new messages. Same goes for listed CFO Brian Sullivan."
" Personal note: I've heard that gaining wisdom is the best part of getting older. But, for me, it's been getting to spend more time with my best friend. Happy 15th anniversary J... See you tonight"
 Have a great weekend... Go Pats
" Roark Capital Group has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Jimmy John’s Sandwiches, a Champagne, Ill.-based fast-casual chain with more than 2,500 locations (mostly franchised) and $2 billion in system-wide sales. No financial terms were disclosed"
"Sellers would include private equity firm Weston Presidio, which holds a 30% stake in the business. The remaining 70% is held by chain founder Jimmy John Liataud, who would remain company chairman. Read more."
" Didi Chuxing, the Chinese ride-hailing giant, has raised around $120 million in new funding from Taiwan’s Foxconn. Read more"
" BYJU, an Indian ed-tech startup, has raised $50 million in new VC funding at a reported $500 million valuation. The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative and Sequoia Capital co-led the round, and were joined by Sofina, Lightspeed Venture Partners and Times Internet Ltd. Read more"
" Chrono Therapeutics, a Hayward, Calif.-based digital drug therapy startup that is initially focusing on smoking cessation, has raised $47.6 million in Series B funding. Kaiser Permanente Ventures led the round, and was joined by Endeavour Vision, Xeraya Capital Labuan Ltd, Asahi Kasei, Emergent Medical Partners, Hikma Ventures, Cota Capital and Mission Bay Capital. www.chronothera.co"
" Blackstorm, an app didstribution startup, has raised $33.5 million in new VC funding. Backers include Rakuten, Highland Capital Partners, Alsop Louie and individual angels. Read more"
" SessionM, a Boston-based mobile marketing automation and loyalty platform, has raised $35 million in growth equity funding. General Atlantic led the round, and was joined by Salesforce Ventures and return backers Causeway Media Partners, Charles River Ventures, Highland Capital Partners and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. www.sessionm.co"
" Signifyd, a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of fraud protection for e-commerce businesses, has raised $19 million in third-round funding from TriplePoint Capital, American Express Ventures and return backer Menlo Ventures. Existing shareholders include Allegis Capital, IA Ventures and QED Investors.  www.signifyd.co"
" Vivasure Medical, an Ireland-based developer of bioabsorbable technology for percutaneous vessel closure, has raised $16.2 million in Series C funding. Life Sciences Partners led the round, and was joined by Evonik Venture Capital, Panakès Partners and return backer Fountain Healthcare Partners. www.vivasuremedical.co"
" SmartAsset, a New York-based, has raised $12 million in Series B funding. IA Capital Group led the round, and was joined by TTV Capital, Contour Ventures, Javelin Venture Partners, New York Life, Transamerica Ventures and Fitz Gate Ventures. www.smartasset.co"
" IDbyDNA, a San Francisco-based developer of metagenomic approaches for infectious disease identification, has raised $9 million in Series A funding. Artis Ventures led the round, and was joined by ARUP Laboratories. www.idbydna.co"
" Away, a New York-based luggage startup, has raised $8.5 million in Series A funding. Global Founders Capital led the round, and was joined by Barry Sternlicht and return backers Forerunner Ventures, Accel Partners and Comcast Ventures. www.awayluggage.co"
" Proov.io, a platform that connects enterprises to independent software vendors, has raised $7 million in Series A funding from Mangrove Capital Partners and OurCrowd. The company has offices in San Francisco and Israel. www.proov.i"
" Shippo, a San Francisco-based provider of enterprise shipping services, has raised $7 million in Series A funding. Union Square Ventures led the round, and was joined by SoftTech VC and Version One Ventures. www.goshippo.co"
" LiveStories, a Seattle-based data hub for government, has raised $3 million in seed funding. True Ventures led the round, and was joined by Founders' Co-op, Social Leverage, Urban.us, the Knight Foundation. www.livestories.co"
" Fluent City, a New York-based provider of foreign language and culture classes, has raised $2.5 million in new VC funding. Backers include Learn Capital, New Ground Ventures and 1776 Ventures. www.fluentcity.co"
" Connected2Fiber, a Hopkinton, Mass.-based market participation SaaS platform for the telecom network industry, has raised $1.2 million in seed funding led by Nauta Capital. www.connected2fiber.co"
" Bridge Growth Partners has acquired Finalsite, an East Hartford, Conn.-based learning and communications SaaS platform for K-12 and higher education institutions, from Spectrum Equity Management. No financial terms were disclosed. www.finalsite.co"
" CenturyLink Inc. (NYSE: CTL) is in talks to sell its data centers business to a private equity consortium made up of GTCR, Charlesbank Capital Partners, Berkshire Partners and Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners, according to Reuters. BC Partners also has reported interest in the deal, which could garner around $2.5 billion. Read more"
" Fulcrum Equity Partners and Level Capital Partners have acquired CarePlus Medical Corp., an Athena, Ga.-based provider of outsourced anesthesia management and healthcare provider recruitment services to ambulatory surgery centers. No financial terms were disclosed. www.careplusmp.co"
" Lone Star Funds is in talks to acquire American Bath Group, a Savannah, Tenn.-based maker of acrylic showers and tubs, from Sterling Group, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be valued at around $600 million. Read more"
" Oak Hill Capital Partners has completed its previously-announced acquisition of a majority stake in FirstLightFiber, a provider of fiber-optic bandwidth infrastructure services in New York and northern New England, from Riverside Partners (which retained a minority position). No financial terms were disclosed. www.firstlight.ne"
" Salt Creek Capital has acquired Pacific Paper, a Rancho Cucamonga, Calif.-based provider of paperboard sheets to the packaging and commercial printing industry. No financial terms were disclosed. www.pacificpaper.co"
" White Deer Energy has acquired RockPile Energy Services LLC, a Denver-based provider of proppant transportation and chemical optimization services to oil and gas exploration and production companies primarily in the Williston and Permian Basins, from Triangle Petroleum Corp. (NYSE: TPLM). No financial terms were disclosed. www.rockpileenergy.co"
"  Coupa Software Inc., a San Mateo, Calif.-based corporate spend management platform, has filed for a $75 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol COUP, with Morgan Stanley serving as left lead underwriter. The company reports a $24 million net loss on around $60 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to a $25 million net loss on $34.5 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. The company has raised over $160 million In VC funding from firms like Mohr Davidow Ventures (16.3% pre-IPO stake), Battery Ventures (16.2%), El Dorado Ventures (13.9%), BlueRun Ventures (12.7%), Crosslink Ventures (11.1%), ICONIQ (5.1%), Rally Ventures and T. Rowe Price. www.coupa.co"
"  Obalon Therapeutics Inc., a Carlsbad, Calif.-based developer of a balloon-based weight loss device, has filed for a $75 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol OBLN, with UBS listed as left lead underwriter. The company has raised over $75 million in VC funding from firms like Domain Associates (34.6% pre-IPO stake), InterWest Partners (21%), Bader Sultan & Bros. (8.8%), Opaki Venture Capital (7.7%), Axon Ventures, Mirae Asset Venture Investment, NeoPlux Co. and Striker Asia Opportunities Fund. www.obalon.co"
 No exit news this morning
" Bayer AG has retained JPMorgan to explore a sale of its dermatology business, which could be valued north of €1 billion, according to Bloomberg. The move comes as Bayer continues to pursue an acquisition of Monsanto Corp. (NYSE: MON). Read more"
 Enterprise Products Partners LP (NYSE: EPD) has ended its pursuit of a merger with rival pipeline operator Williams Cos. (NYSE: WMB). Read more
" Glassdoor Inc., a Mill Valley, Calif.-based jobs and workplace review site, has acquired Brazilian peer Love Mondays for an undisclosed amount. Glassdoor has raised over $200 million in VC funding, from firms like Benchmark, Sutter Hill Ventures, T. Rowe Price, Battery Ventures, Google Capital, DAG Ventures and Tiger Global. www.glassdoor.co"
" Nordic Capital is pre-marketing its next flagship buyout fund with a €3.5 billion target, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
 Frederick Chung has joined Adams Street Partners as a principal on the firm’s private credit team. He previously was with Goldman Sachs. Also joining the group as an associate is Thomas Petty (ex-Morgan Stanley) and analysts Michael Allen (JPMorgan) and Emily Shiau (Alvarez & Marsal). www.adamsstreetpartners.co
 HCAP Partners (f.k.a. Huntington Capital) has promoted Nicolas Lopez to principal. He joined the private equity firm in 2013 from the corporate development group of Best Buy. www.hcapllc.co
" Brett Krause, former China president for J.P. Morgan Chase, is joining early-stage venture capital firm PurpleSky Capital. Read more"
 Whit Matthews has joined Aberdeen Asset Management as a senior investment manager. He previously was an investment director with SL Capital Partners. Aberdeen also promoted John Dickie to co-head of U.S. private equity. Both men are based in Boston. www.aberdeen-asset.co
 Scott J.R. Smith has joined Piper Jaffray as a Charlotte-based managing director of in the firm’s financial sponsors group. He previously was with Lazard. www.pjc.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some quick items to kick off your Monday...
" Building out: Last October we reported that KKR was formalizing its tech-focused growth equity practice, by raising an actual fund rather than continuing to invest off the firm's balance sheet. That fundraising remains in progress ― although the vehicle does already have four portfolio companies ― and now we've learned that KKR has added a new senior member to its TMT growth equity team: David Welsh, who has spent the past eight years as a partner with Adams Street Partners"
"Welsh will be a KKR managing director based in Menlo Park, and brings the overall platform's full-time team to 11 professionals. He'll also serve on the fund's investment and portfolio management committees. Prior to joining Adams Street in 2008, the onetime corporate attorney was chief strategy officer at McAfee Inc. and a partner with Partech International."
"As a related aside, word is that KKR's recent deal to acquire Calabrio, a Minneapolis-based provider of customer engagement and analytics software, originally began life as due diligence by the growth equity team."
" From the filing: Lavrock  Ventures is raising $50 million for its debut fund, according to a regulatory filing. This is the Washington, D.C.-based investment firm launched last fall to focus on post-seed and Series A investments in tech startups (particular focus on B2B software, cybersecurity and government-tech). Its managing partner is Jim Hunt, most recently a founding member of Blu Venture Investors and, before that, CEO of Ernst & Young Technologies. His fellow partners are Daniel Hanks (co-founder and former CEO of SnapDash) and Stephen Smoot (co-founder and CEO of Authentag)"
" Open windows? There are six companies on the IPO calendar this week, and several others already on tap for later in September (including the ones listed below as having just set terms). There only were 17 offerings in July and August this year, compared to an average of 36 over the prior three years"
" In memoriam: Among the thousands lost on 9/11/01 were Dave Retik and Chris Mello of Alta Communications -- both of whom were on Flight 11 out of Boston. To learn about the Retik Mello Foundation, please go here. Also, on the one-year anniversary of that tragic day, I wrote (for a prior employer) about the pair and the experiences of their Alta colleagues. You can read it by going here"
" HarbourVest Partners has offered to buy SVG Capital (LSE: SVI), a London-based private equity firm focused on both direct and fund-of-funds investments, for approximately $1.35 billion in cash, or 650 pence per share (14.7% premium over Friday’s closing price). Read more"
" AcuFocus Inc., an Irvine, Calif.-based developer of small aperture technologies for the improvement of near vision, has raised around $66 million in new financing led by KKR. www.acufocus.co"
" Datorama, a New York-based provider of marketing analytics, has raised $32 million in Series C funding. Lightspeed Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Marker LLC and Innovation Endeavors. www.datorama.co"
" Phononic Inc., a Durham, N.C.-based developer of solid-state technology for cooling and heating, has raised $30 million in new VC funding. GGV Capital and Lookout Capital co-led the round, and were joined by return backers Eastwood Capital Corp, Venrock, Oak Investment Partners, Tsing Capital, Huaneng Invesco WL Ross, Wellcome Trust and Rex Healthcare Ventures. www.phononic.co"
" Nuxeo, a New York-based enterprise content management platform, has raised $20 million in new equity funding from Goldman Sachs. This comes three months after a $10 million infusion from Kennet Partners. www.nuxeo.co"
" Inflazome, a Dublin-based developer of treatments for chronic inflammatory diseases, has raised $17 million in Series A funding co-led by Novartis Venture Funds and Fountain Healthcare Partners. www.inflazome.co"
" Beeswax, a New York-based programmatic ad-tech platform, has raised $11 million in Series A funding co-led by Foundry Group and RRE Ventures. www.beeswax.i"
" Project44, a Chicago-based startup providing APIs to the supply chain, has raised $10.5 million in Series A funding. Emergence Capital led the round, and was joined by Chicago Ventures and Silicon Valley Bank. www.p-44.co"
" Business Talent Group, a New York-based platform for independent consultants and executives doing project-based work, has raised $8 million in Series B funding led by NextEquity Partners. www.businesstalentgroup.co"
" Blue Prairie Brands Inc., a Scottsbluff, Neb.-based “functional food” startup, has raised $6 million in Series A funding. S2G Ventures led the round, and was joined by Middleland Capital, DSM Venturing, Invest Nebraska and an unidentified “strategic venture fund.” www.blueprairiebrands.co"
" Fusebill, an Ottawa-based subscription management platform, has raised Cdn$6 million in new VC funding from ScaleUp Ventures and Langdell Investments. www.fusebill.co"
" GenieBelt, a Copenhagen-based project management and communications platform for the construction industry, has raised €2 million in VC funding led by Danish Solar AS. Read more"
" Avitide Inc., a Lebanon, N.H-based provider of affinity purification solutions for the biopharmaceutical industry, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series D funding led by Mithril Capital Management. www.avitide.co"
" Associated British Foods (LSE: ABF) has agreed to sell its cane sugar business in Southern China to an investor consortium led by Nanning Sugar Industry Co. According to Reuters, the deal is valued at around $500 million, and Nanning is being joined by domestic private equity funds Minsheng Royal Capital Investment and Guangxi Royal Construction Investment. Read more"
" Accel-KKR has sponsored a spinout of Smart Communications, a London-based provider of enterprise customer and business communications solutions, from Thunderhead Ltd. No financial terms were disclosed. www.smart-communications.co"
" Capital Group Private Markets has acquired a stake in Koba International Group SA, a Colombian retailer with around 500 stores, from Abraaj Group for an undisclosed amount. www.abraaj.co"
" Confie, a personal insurance company focused on Hispanic consumers, has acquired three insurance brokerages: First Stop Insurance (Washington Park, Ill.), CityWide Insurance (Las Vegas) and Absolute Insurance Agency (Miami). No financial terms were disclosed. Confie is a portfolio company of ABRY Partners. www.confie.co"
" Eyewitness Surveillance, an Annapolis, Md.-based provider of remote video monitoring solutions to mid-sized-to-large automotive dealerships, metal recycling yards and other fixed industrial facilities, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from LLR Partners. www.eyewitnesssurveillance.co"
" First Reserve has acquired Applied-Cleveland Corp., a provider of inspection and integrity management services for energy infrastructure assets in North America, from Nautic Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.applied-cleveland.co"
" High Liner Foods (TSX: HFL) has sold its scallop business and processing facility in New Bedford, Mass. to Blue Harvest Fisheries, a portfolio company of Bregal Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.blueharvestfisheries.co"
" Meadow Foods, a British provider of milk and dairy ingredients to the food industry, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Paine & Partners. www.meadowfoods.co"
" Siemens AG is considering a sale of its remaining 17% stake in listed German lighting company Osram Licht AG, with suitors reportedly including China’s GSR GO Scale Capital. The deal could be valued at around $872 million. Read more"
" Apptio, a Bellevue, Wash.-based provider of cloud-based technology business management software, has set its IPO terms to 6 million shares being offered at between $13 and $15 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $522 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol APTI, with Goldman Sachs listed as left lead underwriter. Apptio reports a $14.9 million net loss on nearly $76 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to an $18.4 million net loss on $62 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. It has raised around $136 million in total VC funding from firms like Greylock Partners (16.5% pre-IPO stake), Madrona Venture Group (16.6%), Shasta Ventures (9.5%), Janus Capital, Hillman Co., T. Rowe Price Group and Andreessen Horowitz. www.apptio.co"
" CRISPR Therapeutics AG, a Swiss gene editing company, has filed for a $90 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol CRSP, with Citigroup, Piper Jaffray and Barclays serving as lead underwriters. The company has raised around $160 million in VC funding, from firms like Versant Ventures (20.74% pre-IPO stake), Celgene (12.4%), S.R. One (9.69%), New Enterprise Associates (9.69%), Bayer AG (8.01%), Abingworth (7.82%), Vertex Pharmaceuticals (7.6%), Franklin Templeton Investments, New Leaf Venture Partners, Clough Capital Partners and Wellington Capital Management. www.crisprtx.co"
" E.L.F. Beauty, an Oakland, Calif.-based cosmetics company, has set its IPO terms to 8.33 million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $666 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol ELF, with J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley serving as lead underwriters. E.L.F. reports $1.1 million of net income on $97 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to $2.7 million of net income on $75 million of revenue for the year-earlier period. TPG Growth holds a 56.8% ownership stake, based on an early purchase from TSG Consumer Partners for an undisclosed amount. www.elfcosmetics.co"
" Gridsum Holding Inc., a provider of data analysis software for multinational and domestic enterprises and government agencies in China., has set its IPO terms to around 6.52 million American depository shares being offered at between $10.50 and $12.50 per share. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol GSUM, with Goldman Sachs (Asia) and Citigroup serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $4.5 million net loss on around $22 million of revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include Steamboat Ventures and Nokia Growth Partners. www.gridsum.co"
" Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) has agreed to acquire Chariot, a San Francisco-based shuttle service startup that used crowdsourcing to determine where people needed rides. No financial terms were disclosed. Chariot had raised around $3 million in seed funding. Read more"
" Verizon (NYSE: VZ) has acquired Sensity Systems, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based energy-efficient LED lighting company. No financial terms were disclosed. Sensity has raised over $70 million in VC funding from firms like Cisco, Acuity Brands, GE Ventures and Simon Venture Group. www.sensity.co"
" Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) has agreed to acquire Apigee Corp. (Nasdaq: APIC), a San Jose, Calif.-based API specialist. The deal is valued at approximately $625 million in cash, or $17.40 per share. Read more"
" Horizon Pharma PLC (Nasdaq: HZNP) has agreed to acquire Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. (Nasdaq: RPTP), a Novato, Calif.-based drug company focused on rate diseases, for approximately $800 million in cash. The $9 per share deal represents a 21% premium over Friday’s closing price. Read more"
" HP Inc. (NYSE: HPQ) has agreed to acquire Samsung’s printing business, which employs around 6,000 people, for $1.05 billion. Read more"
" Praxair Inc. (NYSE: PX), a Danbury, Conn.-based industrial gas supplier, and German peer Linde AG (DE: LING) have ended merger talks. The combined company could have been valued north of $60 billion. Read more"
 No firm or fund news this morning
" Jean-Philippe Barade has joined consumer-focused private equity firm L Catterton as a partner and head of the firm’s London office. He previously was co-founding partner of B&B Investment Partners (sponsored by Walgreens Boots Alliance) and, before that, spent five years as a managing director with Morgan Stanley Private Equity. www.lcatterton.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some assorted notes to kick off your Tuesday...
" Big raise: Software-focused private equity firm Thoma Bravo, a private equity firm focused on software and tech-enabled services companies, yesterday said that it has closed its twelfth flagship fund with $7.6 billion in capital commitments. So I spent some time on the phone with managing partner Orlando Bravo, and here are a few takeaways"
"1. This fund is significantly larger than past Thoma Bravo efforts, although not quite to the extent you might think. The firm raised about $1.3 billion for Fund X and nearly $3.7 billion for Fund XI, but then later buttressed both of them with ""opportunities funds"" in order to take advantage of increased deal-flow (due largely to cloud-driven market consolidation)."
"2. Bravo acknowledges that the multi-year Nasdaq run could mean his firm risks buying near a market top ― the private equity index for buying software companies has been increasing on a straight line since 2000, save for the financial crisis"" ― and does believe we're at a peak in areas like ""plain vanilla ERP software."" That said, he still remains optimistic in value upside for cybersecurity and service vertical companies."
"3. Thoma Bravo has been among the firms that occasionally busts through the Fed's leverage guidance, so I asked for his thoughts on the 6x quasi-rule. His reply: ""In general I believe the concept is a good concept, since there are times when people are willing to take crazy, undue risks... but leverage multiples are not really clean, because a company you're buying may have $60 million in current EBITDA, but you believe your strategy will mean the company has $120 million in EBITDA if you buy it, and another firm maybe sees $80 million. I hope the regulatory environment and lenders themselves can adjust to that reality."""
"4. Bravo says that his firm has intentionally stayed away from the growth equity market, disliking the lack of control in such deals and the current competitive environment."
" Speaking of tech-focused buyout firms: Vista Equity Partners has not yet closed its new flagship fund, which many had expected to finish up just before Labor Day. LPs still expect it to (easily) hit its $10 billion cap, if not a bit mor"
" Bloody awful: In March we wrote about the collapse of Atherotech, an Alabama blood testing company that had been owned since 2010 by private equity firm Behrman Capital. It was a bizarre story that involved the company effectively being drained of capital by the misdeeds of a rival and a regional bank that apparently cared little for its local community"
"Now, Behrman Capital is named as the sole defendant on a class action lawsuit brought by two former Atherotech employees, claiming that they were fired in violation of the WARN Act (it previously was co-defendant on a related case, which was voluntarily dismissed). There also is a parallel class proof of claim case against the current Atherotech entity, which is controlled by creditors."
"As for the case against Behrman, it will have to prove that the private equity firm not only was a ""single employer,"" but also that it would have been reasonable to have given Atherotech employees 60 days notice of their possible layoff. Through a spokesman, the private equity firm declined comment."
" Recommended reading: Lauren Smiley of BackChannel has a deep dive on the mess at Rothernberg Ventures, which apparently has rebranded as Frontier Tech Venture Capital. Basic rule: If you call an LP meeting amid reports that your firm is collapsing and under SEC investigation, perhaps you should let your LPs ask questions at said meeting.Read Lauren's piece by going here"
" Game Time: Our charity softball game at Fenway Park over the summer was rained out, but has now been rescheduled for Sept. 26 at 2pm. Because of the change of date, some of our original players can no longer participate. So if you'd like to play some ball at Fenway with some fellow Term Sheet readers, and donate to a very good cause ($909 per player), please let me know ASAP via email at dan_primack@fortune.com"
" Correction: Yesterday we incorrectly identified the title being given by KKR to David Welsh, who is joining the firm's tech-focused growth equity platform after eight years with Adams Street Partners. He will be a managing director"
 TPG Capital and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board each have agreed to invest $250 million for a combined 17% stake in the Bermuda-based parent company of Viking Cruises. Credit Suisse served as placement agent. www.vikingcruises.co
" Claroty, a New York and Israel-based provider of operational technology network protection, has raised $32 million in new VC funding. Backers include Bessemer Venture Partners, Innovation Endeavors, Market LLC, ICV, Red Dot Capital Partners and Mitsui & Co. www.claroty.co"
" Cato Networks, an Israel-based “software-defined and cloud-based network with built-in enterprise security,” has raised $30 million in Series B funding. Greylock Partners led the round, and was joined by Singtel Innov8 and return backers U.S. Venture Partners, Aspect Ventures and company co-founders Schlomo Kramer and Gur Shatz. www.catonetworks.co"
" Gitlab, an open-source code collaboration platform, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. August Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Khosla Ventures and Y Combinator. Read more"
" Quandl, a Toronto-based data platform for investment professionals, has raised C$12 million in Series B funding. Nexus Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by return backer August Capital. www.quandl.co"
" RackWare, a Fremont, Calif.-based provider of enterprise cloud management solutions, has raised $10 million in Series B funding. Signal Peak Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Kickstart Seed Fund and Osage Venture Partners. www.rackwareinc.co"
" Crop Enhancement Inc., a Cambridge, Mass.-based provider of “sustainable chemistry formulations for agriculture applications,” has raised $8.5 million in Series B funding. MLS Capital and 1955 Capital co-led the round, and were joined by Bandgap Ventures and return backer Phoenix Venture Partners. www.crop-enhancement.co"
" Point, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based home equity investment platform, has raised $8.4 million in Series A funding led by return backer Andreessen Horowitz. Other investors include Ribbit Capital, Bloomberg Beta, Vikram Pandit and Laurence Tosi. www.point.co"
" OpenClassrooms, a French ed-tech platform focused on professional training and certification related to digital skills, has raised €6 million in new VC funding. Backers include BPI, Citizen Capital and return backer Alven Capital. Read more"
" Sourcery, a San Francisco-based digital payments and commerce platform for the food and hospitality industry, has raised $5 million in new VC funding. Marker LLC led the round, and was joined by Steadfast Capital. www.getsourcery.co"
" Oath Craft Pizza, a Boston-based fast casual restaurant operator, has raised $4.5 million in Series A funding led by Breakaway. www.oathpizza.co"
" InstaVR Inc., a San Francisco-based VR authoring, publishing and analysis startup, has raised $2 million in Series A funding led by The Venture Reality Fund. www.instavr.c"
" Glory Sports International, a New York-based kickboxing league, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series B funding. Yao Capital (yes, Yao Ming's VC firm) led the round, and was joined by Liberty Global and return backer Twin Focus Capital. www.glorykickboxing.co"
" Bain Capital, KKR and MBK Partners have moved into the second round of an auction for Japanese auto parts maker Calsonic Kansei Corp. (Tokyo: 7248), which has a market value of around $2.4 billion, according to Reuters. The bids would be for Nissan Motor Co.’s 41% stake, with the winning bidder expected to make a public tender for the remaining shares. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group and Atlas Merchant Capital have slowed their talks over acquiring Barclays PLC’s African business, according to Bloomberg. At issue, reportedly, are Carlyle’s concerns that Barclays would be reluctant to sell the unit to Atlas Merchant, because it is led by former Barclays CEO Bob Diamond. There also are regulatory approval worries. Read more"
" Centerbridge Partners and Friedman Fleischer & Lowe have agreed to acquire the vision unit of Highmark Health for approximately $2 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Citigroup Inc. has received several private equity bids for its Canadian subprime lending business, which could be valued north of C$400 million, according to The Globe and Mail. Among the suitors is Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan. Read more"
 Global Infrastructure Partners has agreed to acquire a 20% stake in listed Spanish natural gas distribution company Gas Natural SDG SA for approximately $4.3 billion. Sellers Repsol and Criteria each would unload 10% positions in the deal. Read more
" Golden Gate Capital has acquired Tronair, a Holland, Ohio-based maker of ground support equipment for aircraft, from Levine Leichtman Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.goldengatecap.co"
" LG Lugar de Gente, a Brazilian HR software company owned by H.I.G. Capital, has acquired rival E-Guru Serviços em Tecnologia Educacional for an undisclosed amount. www.eguru.com.b"
" Motion Dynamics Corp., a Fruitport, Mich.-based maker of precision wire-based components for the medical device, industrial and aerospace markets, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Vance Street Capital. www.motiondc.co"
" Nautic Partners has acquired Vantage Mobility International, a Phoenix-based manufacturer of wheelchair accessible vehicles. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Evergreen Pacific Partners. www.vantagemobility.co"
" Periscope Equity has made a “significant investment” in CISCOR Inc., a Norman, Okla.-based provider of life safety monitoring, notification and emergency call solutions to the rapidly growing assisted living facility market. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ciscor.co"
" Providence Strategic Growth has acquired Untangle Inc., a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based provider of network security for small and mid-sized businesses. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Providence will contribute additional growth capital. www.untangle.co"
" Quad Analytix, a portfolio company of Fig Tree Partners, has acquired Wiser, a San Francisco-based provider of retail pricing solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.quadanalytix.co"
" Skyview Capital has acquired Digital Fuel, a provider of IT infrastructure spend and cost optimization software, from VMware Inc. (NYSE: VMW). No financial terms were disclosed. www.skyviewcapital.co"
" Versa Capital Management has acquired Silver Airways LLC, a Ft. Lauderdale, Fla.-based commercial airline operator. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Victory Park Capital Advisors. www.gosilver.co"
" Valvoline Inc., a Lexington, Ky.-based branded automotive lubricant company being spun out by Ashland Inc. (NYSE: ASH), has set its IPO terms to 30 million shares being offered at between $20 and $23 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $4.3 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol VVV, with BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup and Morgan Stanley serving as underwriters. Valvoline reports $133 million of net income on $936 million in revenue for the six months ending March 31, 2016, compared to $90.5 million of net income on $973 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. www.valvoline.co"
" Apex Technology and PAG Asia Capital are in talks to sell the software unit of Lexmark International, a company that the two firms acquired earlier this year for $3.6 billion, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be valued at upwards of $1 billion. Read more"
" GTCR has hired UBS to find a buyer for Camp Systems, a Merrimack, N.H.-based maker of aircraft maintenance tracking software, according to Bloomberg. A deal could warner upwards of $2 billion. GTCR paid $675 million to purchase Camp Systems from Warburg Pincus in 2012. Read more"
" OpenText (Nasdaq: OTEX) has agreed to acquire the enterprise content division of Dell-EMC, a portfolio company of Silver Lake, for $1.62 billion.  Read more"
" Teads, a New York-based video advertising platform, has acquired Brainient, a London-based interactive video startup. NO financial terms were disclosed. Last month, Teads raised $47 million in debt financing from BNPP, Bank of China, HSBC, Banque Palatine and BPI. Brainient backers include Credo Ventures, Atlas Venture, Estag Capital and 500 Ventures. Read more"
" Prosek Partners, a New York-based PR and financial communications firm, has acquired Los Angeles-based Muirfield Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.prosek.co"
" Renesas Electronics (Tokyo: 6723) has agreed to acquire Intersil (Nasdaq: ISIL), a Milpitas, Calif.-based chipmaker, for around $3.2 billion in cash. The $22.50 per share deal represents a 14% premium to yesterday’s closing price for Intersil stock, and is expected to close by the end of next June. Read more"
 AirTree Ventures of Australia has raised A$250 million for a new early-stage VC fund and an opportunity fund. www.airtree.v
" Lewis & Clark Ventures, a St. Louis-based VC firm, has raised $20 million for a new fund focused on agricultural tech startups. www.lewisandclarkventures.co"
" TPG Capital is raising upwards of $1 billion for a global social impact fund, as first reported by the NY Times. Read more"
 Robert Goldstein has joined McDermott Will & Emery as the New York head of its private equity team and corporate practice. He previously spent 17 years with Schulte Roth. www.mwe.co
" Mark Jenkins has joined The Carlyle Group as a managing director and head of global credit, plus a member of the firm’s management committee. He previously was a senior managing director and global head of private investments with Canada Pension Plan Investment Board. www.carlyle.co"
" Dan Kim and Joe Tremblay have joined IMF Investors as business development directors in Chicago and New York, respectively. Kim previously was an associate partner for the global private equity and infrastructure group and Aon Hewitt Investment Consulting, while Tremblay was director of marketing at Talara Capital Management. www.ifminvestors.co"
" George Parry and Kurt Lentz have joined Atlantic Street Capital as principals, while Sarah Robson has joined as VP of business development. Parry previously was a VP with Corinthian Capital Group, Lentz was a principal with Sun Capital Partners and Robson was a director at Axial. www.atlanticstreetcapital.co"
" Adam Sokoloff has joined The Carlyle Group as a Washington, D.C.-based private equity executive focused on deals for the firm’s mid-market buyout and long-dated funds, according to Bloomberg. He previously led financial sponsors for Jefferies Group, but left back in March. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Today's planned column didn't quite come together in time, so just a couple very quick notes:"
" Steve says: Blackstone boss Steve Schwarzman was interviewed at a CNBC conference yesterday by Becky Quick, and said four things of particular interest: (1) He believes much of the hedge fund industry will deviate from 2/20 due to performance troubles; (2) When asked what Blackstone's stock price drop over the past year is a reflection of, he replied: ""That's a reflection that investors are wrong."" (3) The Fed will eventually raise rates (in part because the media is ""daring"" it to do so), but he believes the only real impact will be on financial markets, not on the real economy. (4) He declined to endorse either presidential candidate, and also seemed to accept the idea of changing the tax treatment of carried interest, as part of a more comprehensive tax reform package"
" Legislative update: The U.S. House of Reps last Friday passed that bill to weaken Dodd-Frank disclosure requirements on private equity firms, despite an uncertain fate in the Senate and a veto threat from President Obama. Leaving aside the politics, this effort has reflected remarkable chutzpah on the part of PE lobbyists, given the recent SEC actions against buyout firms that are, in large part, based on the types of information that it would no longer receive"
" That would have been interesting: The hot trend in private equity right now is selling minority management company stakes, nearly a decade after CalPERS and some Middle Eastern SWFs briefly made it fashionable. The big buyer today is Neuberger Berman unit Dyal Capital Partners, which last month struck such a deal for a piece of H.I.G. Capital. But Bloomberg reports that the Dyal deal only came about after H.I.G. first discussed a sale of its entire business to KKR (which doesn't really have a dedicated middle-market business)"
" Quiz Time: Can you name the VC firm that earlier this year announced a new $100 million+ fund, but doesn't actually exist (yes, you read that correctly). Hint: Term Sheet didn't blurb the bogus press release, but others did.."
" Reminder: We still have a few roster spots left for our charity softball game at Fenway Park on the afternoon of Monday, Sept. 26. If interested, please drop me an email"
"  Drop   a   dime : Remember that you always can send me an anonymous message (news tips, etc.) by going here"
" Bayer and Monsanto (NYSE: MON) have finally agreed to tie the knot, agreeing on a merger valued at $66 billion (including debt). Bayer will pay $128 per Monsanto share in cash, with a $2 billion antitrust termination fee. Read more"
"The companies have agreed on an antitrust break fee of $2 billion and the deal is expected to be closed by the end of 2017, the German group said in a statement."
" Relay Therapeutics, a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of a drug discovery platform centered on protein motion, has raised $57 million in Series A funding. Third Rock Ventures led the round, and was joined by an affiliate of D. E. Shaw Research. Read more"
" Industrious, a New York-based operator of “hospitality-focused” co-working spaces, has raised $37 million in Series B funding led by Riverwood Capital. www.industriousoffice.co"
" Delinia, a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of “therapeutics that rebalance the immune system to treat serious and life-threatening autoimmune diseases,” has raised $35 million in Series A funding co-led by Sofinnova Partners and Atlas Venture. www.deliniabio.co"
" CTERA Networks, an Israel-based enterprise file management platform, has raised $25 million in new VC funding. Bessemer Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by fellow return backer Cisco Systems and new investor Vintage Investment Partners. Prior backers Benchmark and Venrock were not mentioned in the announcement. www.ctera.co"
" Canva, an online graphic design platform, has raised $15 million in new VC funding at a $345 million valuation from Blackbird Ventures and Felicis Ventures. www.canva.co"
" Tipalti, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based supplier payments automation platform, has raised $14 million in new VC funding led by SGVC. www.tipalti.co"
" Inbenta, a San Mateo, Calif.-based developer of enterprise AI and chatbot solutions, has raised $12 million in Series B funding. Level Equity led the round, and was joined by Amasia and Scale Capital. www.inbenta.co"
" Packet, a New York-based “bare metal cloud for developers,” has raised $9.4 million in Series A funding led by SoftBank Corp. Read more"
" Totango, a San Francisco-based customer success platform, has raised $8 million in Series C funding. Benhamou Global Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Pitango Venture Capital, Canvas Ventures and Interwest Partners. www.totango.co"
" Ambra Health (f.k.a. DICOM Grid), a New York-based provider of cloud-based medical imaging management software, has raised $6 million in new VC funding led by Canaan Partners. www.dicomgrid.co"
" BrightVolt Inc., a Redmond, Wash.-based maker of ultra-thin film, flexible batteries, has raised $5 million in Series B funding led by New Science Ventures. www.brightvolt.co"
" SaladStop, a chain of salad bar quick-serve restaurants in Singapore, has raised S$5 million in new VC funding from Hera Capital and DSG Consumer Partners. www.saladstop.com/s"
" Big Cloud Analytics Inc., an Atlanta-based provider of predictive analytics software to the insurance and healthcare industries, has raised $4.5 million in Series A funding led by Edison Partners. www.bigcloudanalytics.co"
" Yello, a Chicago-based provider of talent acquisition software, has raised $4.2 million in Series B funding. Argentum led the round, and was joined by return backer First Analysis. www.yello.co"
" Clubhouse Software Inc., a New York-based project management tool for software development teams, has raised $2 million in new VC funding. Resolute Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Lerer Hippeau Ventures, RRE Ventures, Neu Ventures and Flight Ventures. www.cloubhouse.i"
" Akselos SA, a Swiss developer of engineering simulation technology, has raised $2.2 million in new funding led by Forticap. www.forticap.co"
" Keit Ltd., a UK-based maker of a spectrometer for the chemical, pharmaceutical and food industries, has raised £1.4 million in new VC funding. Longwall Ventures led the round, and was joined by Angel CoFund, Rainbow Seed Fund, Wren Capital and individual angels. www.keit.co.u"
" Sarcos Robotics, a developer of dexterous industrial robots for use in unstructured environments, has raised an undisclosed amount of VC funding from Caterpillar Ventures, GE Ventures, Microsoft Corp., Cottonwood Technology Fund and two undisclosed investment firms. The company has offices in both Bellevue, Wash. and Salt Lake City www.sarcos.co"
 ArcLight Capital Partners and The Blackstone Group have agreed to acquire four Midwestern power plants from American Electric Power Co. (NYSE: AEP) for approximately $2.17 billion. Read more
" Choice Legal, a Tampa, Fla.-based provider of medical record retrieval services to insurance defense and plaintiff firms, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Stonehenge Growth Equity Partners. www.choicelegal.co"
" Gravity Media Group, a British provider of broadcasting services and equipment, has secured an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from TowerBrook Capital Partners. www.gravitymedia.co.u"
 TA Associates has agreed to sponsor a management buyout of the Australian unit of Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s investment capabilities and fund platform. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more
" AC Immune SA, a Swiss biopharma company focused on developing treatments for neurodegenerative diseases associated with protein misfolding, has set its IPO terms to around 4.55 million shares being offered at between $11 and $13 per share It would have an initial market cap of around $647 million, were it to price in the middle of its range The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol ACIU, with Credit Suisse, Jefferies and Leerink Partners serving as underwriters. Shareholders include Dievini Hopp BioTech (37.7% pre-IPO stake). Read more"
"  Vantage Energy Inc., an Englewood, Colo.-based oil and gas company focused on the Appalachian Basin, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol VEI, with Goldman Sachs listed as left lead underwriter. Shareholders include Quantum Energy Partners, Riverstone Holdings LLC and Lime Rock Partners. www.vantageequity.co"
" Luxoft Holding Inc. (NYSE: LXFT) has acquired Pelagicore AB, a Swedish provider of open-source software platforms and services for in-vehicle infotainment and human-machine interface development. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include state-owned VC group Fouriertransform AB. www.pelagicore.co"
" SUMEC Textile Light Industry Co. has acquired Berkshire Blanket, a Ware, Mass.-based provider of blankets, throws and soft home goods, from CSW Private Equity. No financial terms were disclosed. TM Capital represented Berkshire Blanket on the deal. www.berkshireblanket.co"
" China Resources Beer Holdings, whose brands include Snow, is considering a bid for SABMiller PLC’s (LSE: SAB)  Central and European assets, which could be valued at around $6 billion, according to Bloomberg. Several other strategic and private equity suitors also may bid. Read more"
 Extreme Networks Inc. (Nasdaq: EXTR) has agreed to acquire the wireless LAN business of Zebra Technologies Corp. (Nasdaq: ZBRA) for $55 million in cash. www.extremenetworks.co
" SS&C Technologies Holdings (Nasdaq: SSNC) has agreed to acquire Wells Fargo Global Fund Services, a provider of administration, middle-office, operations and cash/collateral management services to alternative investment managers. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ssctech.co"
 Benhamou Global Ventures has held a first close on over half of the $75 million target for its third early-stage VC fund. www.benhamouglobalventures.co
 H.I.G. Capital has opened a new office on Colombia. www.higcapital.co
 Tim Anglade has joined Scale Venture Partners as an executive-in-residence. He previously was VP of product for Scale portfolio company Realm. www.scalevp.co
 Lime Rock Partners has promoted James Wallis to managing director and Oliver Phillips to vice president. Both are based in the energy-focused private equity firm’s Houston office. www.lrpartners.co
" Monomoy Capital Partners promoted John Stewart to partner, and both Jaime McKenzie and Scot Duncan to director. Stewart joined the firm in 2007 to lead its operations team. www.mcpfunds.co"
 Christopher Wofford has joined Baird as a managing director overseeing investment banking coverage in the transportation and logistics space. He previously was in a similar role with Macquarie Capital (USA). www.rwbaird.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some assorted notes to kick off your Thursday:
" Diabetes deal: We've previously discussed Intarcia, the Boston-based biotech startup focused on cutting down Type II diabetes treatments to once or twice per year. This morning the company announced $215 million in new equity funding, but didn't provide additional details (except that it's expecting a ""significant"" second tranche in Q4). Fortunately, we have them"
"Baillie Gifford led the round, and was joined by such new investors as The Pritzker Organization and Luxin (China). Return backers include Baupost, Fidelity Investments, Foresite Capital and RA Capital Management. The subsequent close is expected to bring the round total to between $500 million and $600 million."
"The round comes at a $3.5 billion pre-money valuation. That’s a significant boost from the $1.5 billion pre-money Intarcia received on its $200 million Series DD round in early 2014. But wait, says rhetorical reader, I thought Intarcia was valued at $5.5 billion? That figure was tied to a synthetic royalty deal signed in mid-2015. Per terms of the royalty arrangement, the investors will be entitled to 1.5% of Intarcia’s lead candidate sales (once it’s on the market next year, FDA willing), but the investors also have an option to return the royalty in exchange for equity at the $5.5 billion (post-money) figure."
" Full-time VC: Phil Libin is stepping down as executive chairman of digital note-keeping ""unicorn"" Evernote, as we first reported yesterday on the website. Also leaving the company’s board of directors will be Max Levchin, the former PayPal executive who has been with Evernote for more than a decade"
"Libin joined Evernote as CEO after it launched in 2007 but is credited as a company co-founder. Last year he transitioned to the executive chairman role with former Google executive Chris O’Neill taking over as CEO. At the time, Libin said that Evernote needed a “professional CEO… who is going to be better than me at it.”"
"He would then go on to join venture capital firm General Catalyst as a general partner, while retaining his Evernote responsibilities. While with General Catalyst, Libin's deals so far have included Begin.com, GrowBot and Butter.ai."
" Answer key: No, not yet. Tomorrow. But lots of you thought yesterday's Quiz Time referred to Kobe Bryant's new VC firm. It didn't"
" Update: Dow Jones is reporting (behind a paywall) that FanDuel has raised $55 million in new financing from existing investors. You might recall that in my critique of that giant ESPN piece on daily fantasy, I quoted author Don Van Natta Jr. as saying on TV that FanDuel and DraftKings currently “can’t raise any more money… it’s almost impossible for them to raise money."
"Since then, both companies have raised more money. When I pointed that out to Van Natta Jr. via Twitter earlier today, he denied having said it (and insulted me for good measure). Check the tape Don."
" Oh, I get it now: The Huffington Post this morning reports that Peter Thiel has told friends that he would be Donald Trump's first nominee for The Supreme Court. For those who have wondered why the noted libertarian investor has been so supportive of the big government Republican nominee for president, perhaps it's now beginning to make more sense... On the other hand, Trump also has suggested that he'd likely nominate justices who would reverse last year's gay marriage ruling. So let's table this for a little bit"
" Speaking of Trump: In a recent speech, Donald Trump reportedly said: ""The inner cities... they're crime-ridden. There's no jobs, there's no nothing."" So it's probably a good time to mention that Fortune just published its list of the 100 fastest-growing inner city businesses. You can find it here"
" MidOcean Partners and Wasserstein & Co. have agreed to sell Penton Media, a New York-based professional information services company, to Informa PLC (LSE: INF) for $1.56 billion. A source close to MidOcean says that the deal represents a 3.5x gross return on investment. Read more"
" Ripple, a San Francisco-based provider of financial settlement solutions, has raised $55 million in Series B funding. New backers include Standard Chartered, Accenture Ventures, SCB Digital Ventures (VC unit of Siam Commercial Bank), SBI Holdings, Santander Innoventures, CME Group, Seagate Technology and Venture 51. Existing shareholder include Google Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, IDG Capital Partners and AME Cloud Ventures. Read more"
" BitSight, a Cambridge, Mass.-based cybersecurity ratings startup, has raised $40 million in Series C funding. GGV Capital led the round, and was joined by Flybridge Capital Partners, Globespan Capital Partners, Menlo Ventures, Comcast Ventures, Liberty Global Ventures and Singtel Innov8. Read more"
" The Drone Racing League has raised $12 million in new VC funding co-led by Lux Capital and RSE Ventures. Other backers include MGM, Sky Prosieben, Hearst Ventures, CAA Ventures, Vayner/RSE, Courtside Ventures, Sierra Maya Ventures and individual angels. www.multivu.co"
" ViSenze, a Singapore-based developer of AI-based visual technology for ecommerce and other digital businesses, has raised US$10 million in Series B funding. Rakuten Ventures and eSpire Capital co-led the round, and were joined by SPH Media Fund, FengHe Fund Management, Raffles Venture Partners, Phillip Private Equity and UOB Venture Management. www.visenze.co"
" Ellevest, a digital investment platform focusing exclusively on women, has raised $9 million in second-round funding. Backers include Aspect Ventures, Ulu Ventures and Venus Williams. Read more"
" Axine Water Technologies, a Vancouver-based provider of, has raised C$8 million in Series B funding. Asahi Kasei Corp. led the round, and was joined by Chrysalis Energy Venture Capital, BDC Energy Venture Capital and Roda Group. www.axinewater.co"
" Klara, a healthcare messaging startup with offices in Berlin and New York, has raised $3 million in seed funding. Lerer Hippeau Ventures and Project A Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by return backers Atlantic Labs and Groupe Arnault. www.klara.co"
" FastPay, a provider of lending and financial workflow solutions to digital businesses, has raised an undisclosed amount of strategic funding from Citi Ventures. www.fastpay.co"
" PlumSlice Labs, a San Francisco-based developer of collaborative cloud applications for digital commerce ecosystems, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding led by Kinetic Ventures. www.plumslice.co"
" Abraaj Capital is in talks to purchase the Dubai campus of UK-based Middlesex University for between $55 million and $70 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Baird Capital has acquired a majority stake in R2integrated, Baltimore-based digital market agency, for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
" Golfsmith International Holdings Inc., an Austin, Texas-based golf and tennis equipment retailer OMERS Private Equity, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd. and CI Investments have jointly offered to buy the company’s Canadian assets. Read more"
" Lincoln Investment Capital, a portfolio company of Lovell Minnick Partners, has agreed to acquire Legend Group Holdings LLC, a Florida-based provider of investment and retirement planning services to employer groups, from broker-dealer network Cetera Financial Group. www.legendgroup.co"
" Lucid Software, a Salt Lake City, Utah-based provider of cloud-based visual productivity applications, has raised $36 million in growth equity funding. Spectrum Equity led the round, and was joined by return backers Kickstart Seed Fund and Grayhawk Capital. www.golucid.c"
" Madison Dearborn Partners has acquired Intermedia.net Inc., a Mountain View, Calif.-based provider of cloud business applications like Microsoft Exchange email, from shareholders like Oak Hill Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.intermedia.ne"
" McDonald’s Corp. (NYSE: MCD) has received at least three final bids of nearly $3 billion for its China and Kong Kong restaurants, according to Reuters. Suitors include British retail group Sanpower, The Carlyle Group working with CITIC Group and TPG Capital working with Wumart Stores. Read more"
" Perimeter Healthcare, a portfolio company of Ridgemont Equity Partners, has acquired WoodRidge Behavioral Care, owner and operator of five psychiatric residential treatment facilities and three acute hospital programs serving adolescent and geriatric patients in Tennessee, Arkansas and Missouri. No financial terms were disclosed. www.woodridgecare.co"
"  Extraction Oil & Gas LP, a Denver-based oil and gas company focused primarily on the DJ Basin in Colorado, has filed for a $500 million IPO. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol XOG, with Credit Suisse listed as left lead underwriter. Shareholders include Yorktown Energy Partners, BlackRock and affiliates of Neuberger Berman. www.extractionog.co"
" Noble Midstream Partners LP, a Houston, Texas-based spinout of NobleEnergy Inc. (NYSE: NBL) that will focus on domestic midstream energy infrastructure assets, raised $281 million in its IPO. The company priced 12.5 million shares at $22.50 per share (above $19-$21 range), and will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol NBLX. Barclays was listed as left lead underwriter. www.nobleenergyinc.co"
" Philadelphia Energy Solutions, a Philadelphia-based owner of two crude oil refineries and a rail terminal in Philadelphia, has withdrawn registration for a $250 million IPO. Also withdrawing IPO registration was an affiliated master limited partnership called PES Logistics Partners. Both are owned by The Carlyle Group. www.carlyle.co"
" CVC Capital Partners has retained Goldman Sachs to explore a sale of German smart meter company Ista International, according to Bloomberg. CVC paid €3.1 billion to purchase the company in 2013, and “is expected to get significantly more.” Read more"
" Kainos Capital has sold InterHealth Nutraceuticals, a Benicia, Calif.-based maker of ingredients for dietary supplements and functional foods, to Switzerland-listed Lonza Group Ltd. for upwards of $300 million (including an earn-out). www.interhealthusa.co"
" New Capital Partners said that it has sold Realtime Electronic Payments, an Atlanta-based provider of electronic transaction processing services, to an undisclosed buyer. www.repayonline.co"
" Nordic Capital has hired Morgan Stanley to find a buyer for Itiviti AB, a Sweden-based provider of financial technology and services to the capital markets, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at around $500 million. Read more"
" TCC Global, a Dutch retail marketing company, has acquired Summit, a UK-based provider of digital marketing programs for retailers that generated over £47 million in 2015 revenue. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Rcapital. www.tccglobal.co"
" Torreal SA has hired Citigroup and Lazard to find buyers for its 23% stake in Spanish audiovisual company Imagina Media Audiovisual SL at an enterprise value of upwards of €2 billion, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
 Ardian has closed its sixth mid-market buyout fund with €4.5 billion in capital commitments. www.ardian.co
 Thomas Emmons has joined Pegasus Capital Advisors as a partner focused on mezzanine capital in the renewable energy and clean infrastructure sectors. He previously was a managing director with Rabobank. www.pcalp.co
" Dave Johnson has joined Israeli venture capital firm Gilot Capital Partners as chairman of its “board of experts.” Johnson is a senior advisor to The Blackstone Group, where he previously was a senior managing director focused on tech investments. www.gilotcapital.co"
" Boris Okuliar has joined Ares Management as a London-based partner, according to Reuters. The former UBS banker had been with The Carlyle Group since 2014, focused on credit investment opportunities. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Earlier this week we had a blind item asking you to name the VC firm that earlier this year announced a new $100 million+ fund, but doesn't actually exist. Your hint was that Term Sheet didn't blurb the bogus press release, but that others had."
"The answer is Asenqua Ventures, which last week announced (via PRNewswire) that it had raised $125 million for its fourth fund. This is a California-based ""firm"" that has a website. It has a working voicemail system. It is included in financial industry databases like Crunchbase, PitchBook, and S&P Capital IQ. Its senior managers have LinkedIn profiles."
But it's also fictional.
"The crazy yarn is too long for this space, but I hope you read it on the website. It spans from Silicon Valley to Hong Kong to a federal prison in Santa Barbara. And there's even a Guns 'n Roses reference for good measure. Here you go."
" New firm alert: At some point we might need to begin referring to the Formation 8 Mafia. This morning comes yet another new VC firm from the Icarus-like shop, called iFly Ventures. The Palo Alto-based platform is being led by ex-F8 pros Han Shen and Haitao Zhang, with a regulatory filing suggesting a $100 million target for its debut fund"
" One more: A different regulatory filing discloses the creation of Wireframe Ventures, a new VC firm led by Claremont Creek Ventures partners Paul Straub and Harsh Patel. The pair is seeking to raise upwards of $75 million for its first fund. Like with iFly Ventures, the Wireframe website is basically just a landing page"
" Honest broker: The WSJ reports that Unilever is in early talks to acquire The Honest Co., the enviro-friendly household products maker co-founded by actress Jessica Alba. Apparently the price-talk is around $1 billion, compared to Honest Co.'s most recent VC valuation of $1.7 billion. Given how quiet Unilever kept its $1 billion purchase of Dollar Shave Club this past summer, I've got to think this leak may reflect a broader auction process"
" Personnel note: Brendan Scollans earlier this year quietly joined EQT Partners as a New York-based partner focused on U.S. mid-market buyouts, after more than a decade with Avista Capital Partners (where he was part of the founding team)"
 Have a great weekend... Go Pats
" SVG Capital (LSE: SVI), a London-based private equity firm focused on both direct and fund-of-funds investments, has rejected a $1.35 billion takeover offer from Boston-based HarbourVest Partners, saying that it undervalues the company. SVG now plans to seek out other acquirors. Read more"
" Carbon (f.k.a. Carbon3d), a Redwood City, Calif.-based 3D printing company, has raised $81 million in new Series C funding. BMW Corp., General Electric, Nikon and JSR Corp. were joined by return backers like Google Ventures and Sequoia Capital. Read more"
" Applause, a Framingham, Mass.-based provider of “in the wild” software testing tools, has raised $35 million in Series F funding. Credit Suisse led the round, and was joined by Accenture and return backers Goldman Sachs, QuestMark Partners, Scale Venture Partners, Longworth Venture Partners, Mesco Ltd and MassVentures. www.applause.co"
" KeyMe, a New York-based provider of a mobile app and in-store kiosks for copying keys, has raised $15 million in Series C funding. QuestMark Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Comcast Ventures, Battery Ventures, White Star Capital, 7-Ventures, Ravin Gandhi and the Polsky Family Office. Read more"
" Renmatix, a King of Prussia, Penn.-based biofuels company, has raised $14 million in new VC funding. Bill Gates led the round, and was joined by Total SA. Read more"
" Securus Medical Group Inc., a Cleveland-based developer of ablation therapy-related medical devices, has raised $10 million in Series C funding. Boston Scientific Corp. led the round, and was joined by the Global Cardiovascular Innovation Center and return backers RiverVest Venture Partners, 3X5 Special Opportunity Fund and the University of Michigan MINTS program"
" Stella, a New York-based personal job recruitment platform, has raised just over $10 million in new VC and debt funding, according to a regulatory filing. Backers include CRV. www.stella.a"
" Luma, an Atlanta-based maker of home WiFi routers, has raised $7 million in new VC funding. Andreessen Horowitz and Google Ventures were joined by return backers Accel Partners, Amazon and Felicis  Ventures. www.getluma.co"
" GammaDelta Therapeutics Ltd., a British immunotherapy startup, has raised an undisclosed amount of seed funding from Abingworth, which is incubating that company in its London office. www.abingworth.co"
" Resilinc, a Milpitas, Calif.-based provider of supply chain resiliency and risk management solutions, has raised an undisclosed amount of new VC funding from Bright Success Capital, Procyon Ventures and Salesforce Ventures. www.resilinc.co"
" ATX Networks Corp., a Canadian portfolio company of H.I.G. Capital, has acquired InnoTrans Communications Inc., a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of optical transport solutions for cable operators. No financial terms were disclosed. www.innotrans.co"
" Bully Pulpit Interactive, a Chicago-based digital marketing agency led by Obama campaign veterans, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Svoboda Capital Partners. Some of the proceeds are being used to acquire The Incite Agency, founded by fellow Obama vets Ben LaBolt and Robert Gibbs. Read more"
" GPB Capital has acquired Erus Energy, a Phoenix-based developer and installer of installer of residential and commercial solar energy systems. No financial terms were disclosed. www.erusenergy.co"
" Thoma Bravo has completed its previously-announced $544 million acquisition of Imprivata (NYSE: IMPR), a Lexington, Mass.-based healthcare IT security company. www.imprivata.co"
" Everbridge Inc., a Burlington, Mass.-based provider of critical communications and enterprise safety applications, raised $90 million in its IPO. The company priced 7.5 million shares at $12 per share (middle of range), for an initial market cap of approximately $323 million. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol EBVG, while Credit Suisse and BofA Merrill Lynch served as co-lead underwriters. Everbridge reports a $6 million net loss on $35.6 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to a $3.2 million net loss on $27.3 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Shareholders include ABS Ventures (31.2% pre-IPO stake). www.everbridge.co"
" Golden Gate Capital and Summit Partners have hired Morgan Stanley to find a buyer for Infor, a New York-based enterprise software company, according to Reuters. The move follows inbound interest from other private equity firms, and could ultimately garner more than $9 billion (including assumed debt). It also is possible that Golden Gate and Summit will take Infor public, or sell a minority stake. Read more"
" Silver Hill Energy Partners, a Dallas-based oil and gas company focused on the Permian Basin, has hired Morgan Stanley to find a buyer, according to Bloomberg. A deal could be valued at more than $2 billion, with Noble Energy (NYSE: NLB), Marathon Oil (NYSE: MBO) and Occidental Petroleum (NYSE: OXY) all considering bids. Silver Hill shareholders include Kayne Anderson and Ridgemont Equity Partners. Read more"
" Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) has no plans to acquire Tidal, the digital music streaming service founded by Jay-Z, according to comments from Apple Music boss Jimmy Iovine. Read more"
" Depomed Inc. (Nasdaq: DEPO), the Newark, Calif.-based drugmaker that last year fought off a $3 billion hostile takeover bid from Horizon Pharma (Nasdaq: HZNP), is preparing to put itself up for sale, according to Reuters. The move follows pressure from activist investor Starboard Value, with Morgan Stanley to manage the process. Depomed has a current market cap of around $1.3 billion. Read more"
" Foxconn Technology Group (TSEC: 2354) has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Smart Technologies Inc. (Nasdaq: SMT), a Calgary-based developer of interactive technology products, for US$4.50 per share. www.smarttech.co"
 John Menzies (LSE: MZLS) has agreed to acquire the airport ground handling and fueling business of BBA Aviation (LSE: BBA) for approximately $202 million. Read more
 Mitsubishi Corp. (Tokyo: 5058) plans to launch a tender offer to acquire a majority stake in Japan-based convenience store operator Lawson Inc. (Tokyo: 2651) for approximately $1.4 billion. Read more
 Phoenix Group Holdings (LSE: PHNX) is in advanced talks to acquire UK insurance business Abbey Life Assuance from Deutsche Bank. Read more
" Founders Circle Capital, a San Francisco-based direct VC secondaries firm, has closed its second fund with $208 million in capital commitments. www.founderscircle.co"
" Sapphire Ventures has raised $1 billion for its latest fund, all provided by software giant SAP (from which Sapphire spun out in 2011. Just over half of the capital will be used for direct investments, with Sapphire focusing on Series B through pre-IPO rounds in tech startups. The remainder will be used to invest in other VC funds—via a separate, more “evergreen” structure—with a particular focus on early-stage and geographically-focused platforms. Read more"
" Standard Chartered PLC is considering a spinout of its $5 billion private equity unit, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
 Joseph Mooney has joined Houlihan Lokey as a New York-based managing director in the investment bank’s M&A group. He previously was head of M&A with Sagent Advisors. www.hl.co
" Brendan Scollans earlier this year joined EQT Partners as a New York-based partner focused on U.S. mid-market buyouts, after more than a decade with Avista Capital Partners. www.eqt.s"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some very quick notes to kick off your Monday...
" Delayed gratification: This is the week of truth for IPOs, with nine scheduled to price and several other September issuers setting terms. Among the latter is Nutanix, which this morning fleshed out its S-1 by estimating an initial market cap of $1.64 billion (at the middle of its listed pricing range)"
"That's below the $2 billion post-money valuation Nutanix received in a 2014 Series E round, although none of the major shareholders appear to be selling into the offering (i.e., will hope for a pop and wait for the lock-up period to expire)."
" Update: We had previously reported that early-stage venture firm Foundry Group was raising a new fund that would make both later-stage direct investments (a continuation of an existing strategy) and also invest in third-party VC funds (a new effort, led by ex-UTIMCO investor Lindel Eakman). Today comes word that fundraising has closed at the Colorado-based firm's $500 million target"
"It's also worth noting that Foundry's website now lists those LP commitments alongside its more traditional investments, showing that it has backed such fellow VCs as Union Square Ventures, Forerunner Ventures and True Ventures."
" Honestly: Word is that Goldman Sachs is managing The Honest Company's sale process. And, yes, it is a real sale process ― even though talks with Unilever have been ongoing for some time)"
" That was quick: Following publication of Friday's piece on ""Asenqua Ventures,"" a few things happened. First, the Asenqua Ventures website disappeared. Second, emails to Asenqua Ventures accounts ― including the one with which I had communicated ― bounced back as undeliverable"
"Finally, several of you pointed me to recent press releases, LinkedIn profiles and other information from a similarly-suspicious firm named Sienna Ventures. If that name sounds familiar, it's because there really was a Sienna Ventures years ago (led by ex-Apple CEO Gil Amelio), but this new version also vanished after the Asenqua piece went live. It also appears that PRNewswire has pulled the ""Sienna Ventures"" press releases off its site."
" New firm alert: Eva Ho is moving on from Susa Ventures, the seed-stage shop she co-founded back in 2013 (all amicable, I'm told). Her next stop is a new Los Angeles-based firm being called Fika Ventures, with Ho serving as co-founder alongside TX Zhuo, who has been leading ed tech-focused Karlin Ventures. No word yet on strategy, although a regulatory filing shows that Fika is targeting $38.5 million for its debut fund"
" Vista Equity Partners has agreed to acquire Infoblox (NYSE: BLOX), a Santa Clara, Calif.-based provider of network management and security software, as first reported by Fortune. The deal is valued at around $1.6 billion, or $26.50 per share (16% premium to Friday's closing price). Earlier reports suggested that Thoma Bravo had submitted an offer. Read more"
" Thalmic Labs, a Canadian developer of a gesture-controlled armband, has raised US$120 million in Series B funding. Backers include the Amazon Alexa Fund, Intel Capital and Fidelity Investments Canada. Read more"
" TenNor Therapeutics, a Chinese biotech startup focused on infectious diseases, has raised $25 million in Series B funding. Northern Light Venture Capital led the round, and was joined by Frontline BioVentures, WuXi PharmaTech Healthcare Fund I, Oriza Venture Capital and Relativity Healthcare Fund. www.tenorx.co"
" White Ops, a New York-based provider of invalid traffic detection and prevention services for the digital ad market, has raised $20 million in Series B funding co-led by return backers Paladin Capital Group and Grotech Ventures. www.whiteops.co"
" OMsignal, a Montreal-based maker of smart sports bras, has raised US$10 million in new VC funding. Relay Ventures led the round, and was joined by MAS Holdings, Bessemer Venture Partners, Techstars Ventures, Real Ventures, Mistral Ventures, Primera Capital, Investissement Québec and Export Development Canada. Read more"
" Doxly, an Indianapolis-based provider of legal transaction management software, has raised $2.25 million in seed funding from Nextlaw Labs, Hyde Park Venture Partners, and High Alpha Capital. www.doxly.co"
" LumaTax, a Seattle-based provider of sales tax automation solutions for small businesses, has raised $2 million in new VC funding from Madrona Venture Group, Greycroft Partners and individual angels. www.lumatax.co"
" DueCourse, a UK-based provider of invoice financing solutions for small and mid-sized businesses, has raised £1.25 million in new equity funding from firms like Global Founders Capital. The company also secured £5 million in new debt. Read more"
" Apollo Global Management is considering a higher bid for listed Danish telecom company TDC after its initial offer was rejected in July, according to Bloomberg. TDC has a current market value of around $4.5 billion. Read more"
" The Canada Pension Plan Investment Board has agreed to acquire Ascot Underwriting Holdings Ltd., a Lloyd’s of London insurer affiliated with American International Group (NYSE: AIG), in a $1.1 billion recapitalization through which AIG will receive $240 million in cash. Read more"
" EQT Partners has agreed to acquire XP Solutions, an Australian professional infrastructure and environmental services company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.eqt.s"
" Madison Dearborn Partners has agreed to acquire Powerflute (LSE AIM: POWR), a Finland-based paper and packaging company, for approximately $354 million. Madison Dearborn previously had tried to buy the company last year, but was rebuffed. Read more"
" Permira has agreed to acquire Personal & Informatik AG, a German payroll company currently owned by HgCapital. No financial terms were disclosed, although an earlier Bloomberg report suggested that the deal could be valued north of $900 million. www.permira.co"
" Pharos Capital Group has acquired a control stake in TechLab Inc., a Blacksburg, Va-based maker of non-invasive diagnostic tests for gastrointestinal disease, from Alere Inc. (NYSE: ALR) and TechLab co-founders Tracy Wilkins and David Lyerly. No financial terms were disclosed. www.techlab.co"
" QIC Private Capital is leading an investor consortium that has agreed to acquire Port of Melbourne, Australia’s largest cargo terminal, for around A$9.7 billion. Other members of the buying group include Future Fund, Global Infrastructure Partners, Ontario Municipal Employees' Retirement System and the California Public Employees' Retirement System. Read more"
" Radixx International Inc., an Orlando-based provider of travel distribution and passenger service system software for airlines, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from TA Associates. www.ta.co"
" Soundcore Capital Partners has acquired PumpMan Inc., a Baldwin Court, Calif.-based provider of pump system maintenance, repair and new system installation. No financial terms were disclosed. www.pumpman.co"
" Thomas H. Lee Partners is among the second-round bidders for Learfield Communications, a Jefferson City, Mo.-based company that helps college athletic departments negotiate sponsorship and licensing deals, according to Bloomberg. Temasek and Creative Artists Agency (owned by TPG) also remain in the process, which could garner upwards of $1.2 billion. Moelis & Co. is managing the process, while Providence Equity Partners is the seller. "
" Nine companies are expected to price IPOs on U.S. exchanges this week, including Valvoline, e.l.f. Beauty, Apptio and AC Immune. Read more"
" Nutanix, a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of datacenter infrastructure solutions, has set its IPO terms to 14 million shares being offered at between $11 and $13 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $1.64 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol NTNX, with Goldman Sachs listed as left lead underwriter. Nutanix reports a $168.5 million net loss on $445 million in revenue for the year ending July 31, 2016. That compares to an $126 million net loss on $241 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Nutanix has raised over $300 million in VC funding and most recently was valued at around $2 billion. Shareholders include Lightspeed Venture Partners (23% pre-IPO stake), Khosla Ventures (10.9%), Fidelity (6.1%), Blumberg Capital (5.7%), Riverwood Capital Partners (5.1%), Morgan Stanley Expansion Capital, Greenspring Associates, SAP Ventures and Battery Ventures. In related news, Nutanix disclosed that its recent purchase of Pernix Data included $21 million in stock. www.nutanix.co"
"  Sancilio Pharmaceuticals Co., a Riviera Beach, Fla.-based developer of lipid drug delivery technology, has withdrawn registration for an $86.25 million IPO. UBS had been listed as left lead underwriter. Shareholders include Signet Healthcare Partners (12.2% stake) and Wellington Management (12.2%). www.sancilio.co"
"  Smart Sand Inc., a Texas-based frac sand producer owned by Clearlake Capital, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SND, with Credit Suisse and Goldman Sachs serving as co-lead underwriters. The company reports a $2.2 million net loss on $19 million in revenue for the first half of 2016. www.smartsand.ne"
" Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) has agreed to acquire Palerra, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based cloud security automation company. No financial terms were disclosed. Palerra had raised around $25 million in VC funding from August Capital, Norwest Venture Partners, Wing Venture Capital and Engineering Capital. Read more"
" Airbnb has acquired Trip4real, a Spain-based online tourist experience marketplace. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Safran SA (Paris: SAF) is expected to receive multiple bids in the €2 billion range for biometric security unit Morpho, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Acorn Growth Co. is raising up to $100 million for its fourth fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.acorngrowthcompanies.co"
" Align Capital Partners, a lower middle-market private equity firm with offices in Cleveland and Dallas, has closed its debut fund with $325 million in capital commitments. www.aligncp.co"
 Sabeen Firozali has joined Comerica Bank as a New York-based VP of tech and life sciences. She previously was an associate director with ORIX Ventures. www.comerica.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some items to kick off your Tuesday...
" Coming attractions: Tintri, a Mountain View, Calif.-based provider of VM-aware storage for virtualization and cloud environments, has filed confidential IPO docs with the SEC, according to multiple sources. Word is that current plans are for an early 2017 offering"
"The company ― which is a bit similar to upcoming IPO issuer Nutanix ― has raised around $260 million in equity funding, most recently a $125 million Series F round in July 2015 at a $785 million post-money valuation. Shareholders include Silver Lake Kraftwerk, Insight Venture Partners, Lightspeed Ventures, Menlo Ventures and New Enterprise Associates. A Tintri spokesman declined comment, natch."
" Well, that was unexpected: Unilever yesterday announced that it will acquire Seventh Generation, a Vermont-based maker of “green” household products like laundry detergent and diapers. A handful of notes on this one"
"1. No financial terms were disclosed, but two sources familiar with the deal says that Unilever is paying between $600 million and $700 million in cash."
"2. This was inbound interest rather than an auction, with Seventh Generation not engaging in takeover talks with any other company."
"3. Seventh Generation has been around for over 30 years, and currently has private equity backing from such firms as Catamount Ventures, Generation Investment Management and Schooner Capital."
"4. The timing is downright bizarre, given the recent reports that Unilever has been in talks to buy Honest Company. And I'm pretty sure the only people who know what's really going on are on the Unilver deal team (of which there is only one in North America). For starters, a source close to Seventh Generation says that Unilever never told it about a possible Honest Company deal (which would be a strange omission at the beginning of a partnership). Moreover the source doesn't believe a Unilever/Honest deal makes much sense, given that Unilever already just shelled out for a direct-to-consumer platform with Dollar Shave (7G mostly sells via retail partners). On the other hand, multiple sources familiar with Honest insist that there have indeed been serious negotiations about a tie-up (perhaps as part of a ""corner the market"" strategy from a product perspective). Got to wonder how much of what's going on might be banker posturing..."
" That's fine: First Reserve is the latest private equity firm to settle with the SEC over inadequate fee disclosures to its limited partners (plus some conflict of interest misdeeds), agreeing to pay out $3.5 million"
 Recommended reading: We've written a lot about the appalling lack of women in decision-making roles within the U.S. venture capital and private equity industries. But the same problem is not true of China (at least within VC). Bloomberg's Shai Oster and Selina Wang have the story
" Fraudsters: I'm still reporting out the Sienna Ventures scam but, in the interim, feel obliged to offer up the following warning: If you receive an email from anyone at Sienna Ventures, Renaissance Recruiting or Prelude Recruiting, do not engage with them. They are not who they say they are. And if you have received such a message, please let me know (your confidentiality is assured). From what I can tell, this one is a bigger problem than ""Asenqua Ventures."
" Grab, a Singapore-based ride-hailing company, has raised $750 million in new equity funding led by Softbank. Read more"
" Vlocity, a provider of cloud software for specific industries like insurance and telecommunications, has raised $50 million in new VC funding. Sutter Hill Ventures led the rund, and was joined by Salesforce Ventures, New York Life Insurance and return backer Accenture. Read more"
" Vroom, a Grand Prairie, Texas-based online platform for used car purchases, has raised $50 million in Series E funding. T. Rowe Price led the round, and was joined by Altimeter Capital, Foxhaven Asset Management and return backers L. Catterton, General Catalyst Partners and Allen & Co. Read more"
" 4C Insights Inc., a Chicago-based provider of “data science and media technology with solutions for multi-screen convergence,” has raised $26 million in Series C funding. Kayne Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Jump Capital and Prime Ventures. www.4cinsights.co"
" Bitmovin, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based online media streaming platform, has raised $10.3 million in Series A funding led by Atomico. www.bitmovin.co"
" StarOfService, a French search platform for local services (i.e., Thumbtack for Europe), has raised $10 million in new VC funding from ENERN Investments, Point Nine Capital, Andrea Piccioni and Silvio Pagliani. Read more"
" FoodChéri, a French food preparation and delivery startup, has raised €6 million in Series A funding from 360 Capital Partners, Breega Capital and Samaipata Ventures. Read more"
" ACV Auctions, a New York-based wholesale purchasing platform for used-car dealers, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. Tribeca Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by SoftBank Capital NY, Armory Square Ventures and Rand Capital. The company also named George Chamoun, founder of Synacor (Nasdaq: SYNC), as CEO. www.acvauctions.co"
" Fauna Inc., a San Francisco-based developer of an adaptive operational database, has raised $4.5 million in seed funding. Charles River Ventures led the round, and was joined by Data Collective, Quest VP, the Webb Investment Network, Ulu Ventures and individual angels like Scott McNealy. www.fauna.co"
" Vestwell, a New York-based white-labeled retirement platform for the RIA community, has raised $4.5 million in new VC funding. FinTech Collective led the round, and was joined by F-Prime Capital, Primary Venture Partners and Commerce Ventures. • "
" Solar Analytics, an Australian developer of residential smart solar management products, has raised A$4.4 million in new VC funding from backers like AGL Energy Ltd., David Griffin and John Clifford. Read more"
" Cornami, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based high performance computing startup, has raised $3 million in Series B funding led by Impact Venture Capital. www.cornami.co"
" Insider, Turkey-based unified online marketing platform, has raised $2.2 million in Series A funding. 212 led the round, and was joined by Wamda Group, Oncu GSYO and return backer Galata Business Angels. Read more"
" AdStage, a San Francisco-based cross-channel advertising suite, has raised $2 million in new VC funding from existing backer Verizon Ventures. www.adstage.i"
" Hostmaker, a London-based provider of hospitality management software, has raised $1.1 million in new VC funding. Initial Capital led the round, and was joined by DN Capital and DSG Consumer Partners. www.hostmaker.c"
" IRYStec Software Inc., a Montreal-based provider of perceptual display processing technology, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding from firms like BDC Capital, Purple Angels Tandemlaunch. www.irystec.co"
" Norsk Titanium AS, a Norwegian provider of structural titanium components, has raised an undisclosed amount of VC funding from Applied Ventures. www.norsktitanium.co"
" Apollo Global Management reportedly may have interest in acquiring the assets of Community Health Systems Inc. (NYSE: CYH), a $1.4 billion U.S. hospital chain that said it is exploring strategic options that could include a sale. Read more"
" General Electric (NYSE: GE) has received three private equity bids for its 43% stake in Hyundai Card, a South Korean credit card joint venture, according to a local media report. The deal could be valued at more than $535 million. Bidders include Affinity Equity Partners and PAG, with Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley managing the process. Read more"
" Graphite Capital has acquired Beck & Pollitzer, a UK-based provider of industrial machinery installation and relocation services, from Bridgepoint Development Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.beck-pollitzer.co"
" JenCap Holdings LLC, a New York-based insurance brokerage platform backed by The Carlyle Group, has agreed to acquire M. J. Kelly Co., a Springfield, Mo.-based managing general agency and wholesale insurance brokerage. No financial terms were disclosed. www.jencapholdings.co"
" New Mountain Capital has invested in Island Medical Management LLC, a Hauppauge, N.Y.-based provider of outsourced healthcare practice management services to emergency departments, hospitalist programs and hospital-based urgent care centers. No additional terms were disclosed. www.immh.co"
" Patricia Industries, a portfolio company of Investor AB, has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Laborie Medical Technologies, an Ontario-based provider of medical devices for urological, pelvic health and gastrointestinal applications. No financial terms were disclosed. The seller was Audax Private Equity. www.laborie.co"
" Reimagine Holdings Group, a New Canaan, Conn.-based holding company focused on consumer insights and marketing services companies, has secured an undisclosed amount of new equity funding from BV Investment Partners. www.bvlp.co"
" Thomas H. Lee Partners has agreed to acquire System One, a Pittsburgh-based provider of specialized workforce solutions and integrated services, from MidOcean Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.systemoneservices.co"
" Wendel has agreed to acquire South Africa-based Tsebo Solutions Group, a pan-African facilities services provider, for approximately €331 million. Sellers include Rockwood Private Equity. www.wendelgroup.co"
" Fulgent Genetics Inc., a Temple City, Calif.-based provider of genetic testing services, has set its proposed IPO terms to 4.6 million shares being offered at between $12 and $14 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $227 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol FLGT, with Credit Suisse and Piper Jaffray serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $5 million net loss on $7.4 million in revenue for the first six months of 2016. www.fulgentgenetics.co"
"  Tabula Rasa HealthCare Inc., a Moorestown, N.J.-based provider of patient-specific medication management technology, has set its proposed IPO terms to 4.3 million shares being offered at between $13 and $15 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $217 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TRHC, with Wells Fargo and UBS serving as lead underwriters. Tabula Rasa reports a $77,000 net loss on $42.6 million in revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include Originate Ventures (18% pre-IPO stake), Radius Ventures (11.5%) and Emerald Stage2 Ventures (6.2%). www.tabularasahealtcare.co"
"  Trade Desk Inc., a Ventura, Calif.-based self-serve digital ad platform, has increased its proposed IPO price range from $14-$16 per share to $16-$18 per share. It still plans to offer 4.67 million shares, and now would have initial market cap of approximately $650 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TTD, with Citigroup serving as left lead underwriter. Trade Desk reports $6.6 million of net income on $76 million in revenue for the first six months of 2016, compared to 5.7 million of net income on $42 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Investors include IA Ventures (19.8% pre-IPO stake), Founder Collective (14.1%), Wellington Management (11.5%) and Highwind (7%). www.thetradedesk.co"
" Bow River Capital Partners has sold Professional Pediatric Home Care, a provider of home care services and therapy to medically fragile children and their families in Colorado, to Atlanta-based PSA Healthcare. No financial terms were disclosed. www.psahealthcare.co"
" Columna Capital has hired Evercore to find a buyer for Datamars, a Swiss animal tagging company that could be worth over $300 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Etsy (Nasdaq: ETSY) has acquired Blackbird Technologies, an AI and machine learning startup focused on search. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Facebook (NYSE: FB) has acquired Nascent Objects, a San Carlos, Calif.-based modular electronics platform, for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
 Renault and Nissan Motor have agreed to acquire French software development company Sylpheo for an undisclosed amount. Read more
 Tech Data Corp. (Nasdaq: TECD) has agreed to acquire the Technology Solutions business of Avnet Inc. (NYSE: AVT) for approximately $2.6 billion (including $2.4 billion in cash). Read more
" Twilio (NYSE: TWLO) has acquired the “proprietary WebRTC media processing technologies developed by the same team that also originally built the Kurento open source WebRTC media server,” per TechCrunch, which adds that it also has hired the team. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Dundee Venture Capital, an Omaha-based seed-stage VC firm, has closed its third fund with $20 million in capital commitments. www.dundeeventurecapital.co"
" Mubadala Development Co., a sovereign wealth fund in Abu Dhabi, has hired Campbell Lutyens & Co. for a strategic review that could include “moving some of its $2 billion private equity portfolio to another vehicle as part of the creation of an investment fund,” according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Spectrum 28, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based VC firm co-founded by Kent Ho (ex-Harbor Pacific Capital) and Lyon Wong (ex- Lightspeed Venture Partners) has closed its debut fund with $170 million in capital commitments. www.spectrum28.co"
" Walgreens Boots Alliance (Nasdaq: WBA) reportedly has shuttered its corporate venture capital arm, B&B Investment Partners"
 Wasserstein & Co. has closed its fourth mid-market private equity fund with $790 million in capital commitments
" Rich Boyle and Joydeep Bhattacharyya have joined Canaan Partners as San Francisco-based partners. Boyle previously was an operating partner with Khosla Ventures, and before that was CEO of LoopNet.com. Bhattacharyya last was a principal with Shasta Ventures. www.canaan.co"
" Great Hill Partners has promoted Nick Cayer, Rafael Cofiño and Peter Garran to partner. Cayer joined in 2006 and serves on the boards of AffiniPay, Chrome River, NMI, Vanco, and BlueSnap. Cofiño joined in 2012 and serves on the boards of Qualifacts and RxBenefits. Garran came in 2008 and sits on the boards of CliqStudios, PuppySpot, Momondo, YogaWorks, The Shade Store and Educaedu. www.greathillpartners.co"
 Amit Jain has joined Frazier Healthcare Partners as an operating partner on the firm’s growth buyouts team. He previously was an SVP and head of business operations at Omnicare Inc. www.frazierhealthcare.co
" Robert Swan, the former eBay CFO who has been serving as an operating partner with private equity firm General Atlantic, has joined Intel Corp. (Nasdaq: INTC) as chief financial officer. Swan will replace Stacy Smith, who will remain with Intel is a new role leading sales, manufacturing and operations. Read more"
 Marshall Taylor has joined Houlihan Lokey as a Dallas-based managing director and national healthcare leader for transaction advisory services. He previously was with Alvarez & Marsal. www.hl.co
 Frank Witney has joined Ampersand Capital Partners as an operating partner. He previously served as president and CEO of genomics and cell biology products company Affymetrix (acquired earlier this year for $1.3 billion by Thermo Fisher Scientific). www.ampersandcapital.co
" Paul Yang has joined KKR has head of Greater China, effective January 2017. He currently serves as president and CEO of China Development Financial Corp. www.kkr.co"
" Craig Zaph has joined Cowen Group as head of debt capital markets. He previously spent 18 years with Jefferies, most recently as a managing director and head of energy and shipping leveraged finance. www.cowen.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Tons of deal news this morning, so just time for a few quick notes:"
" VC nerderly: The National Venture Capital Association this morning announced that, going forward, it will be using PitchBook as its primary data provider. That means its 18-year relationship with Thomson Reuters (of which I was once a tangential part) is kaput. MoneyTree Three RIP"
" Yo this: Today's Big Deal isn't actually the biggest in terms of size, but is one of countless rebuttals to the idea that Silicon Valley does little more than make Yo apps. It's a venture capital round for d.light, which develops solar light and energy solutions for off-grid communities in remote emerging market locations. My colleague Katie Fehrenbacher has more here"
" Bain busted: Bain Capital has confirmed that it is giving up control of South African clothing retailer Edcon Holdings, via a debt-for-equity swapwith creditors like Franklin Templeton. It's not commenting on how much it lost, but a 2007 annual report (thanks for the presidential run, Mitt!) shows that the private equity giant pumped in around $580 million of equity. And it does not appear to have pulled any out over the subsequent years"
" Update: Elephant Partners, the venture growth firm co-founded last year by Highland Capital vets Andy Hunt and  Jeremiah   Daly, has closed its debut fund with $156 million in capital commitments"
" Gametime: We have three spots left on the Term Sheet softball team, which will be playing in a charity game this coming Monday at Fenway Park in Boston (beneficiary is ABCD's summer jobs program). Skill level is irrelevant. The cost is $909, and first pitch is at 2:10pm. You'll get to hit, field, sit in the home dugout, etc. If interested in playing, please let me know ASAP via email"
" D.light, a San Francisco-based provider of solar lighting and power products households in remote locations like, has raised $22 million in new VC funding. Kawasaki Ventures and Energy Access Ventures were joined by return backer NewQuest Capital Partners. Read more"
" Metromile, a “pay per mile” insurance startup based in San Francisco, has raised $191.5 million in new equity and debt funding. Backers include Intact Financial, China Pacific Insurance, NEA, Index Ventures, First Round Capital, SV Angel and Mitsui & Co. Part of the proceeds will be used to acquire insurance carrier Mosaic Insurance. Read more"
" OurCrowd, an Israel-based equity crowdfunding platform, has raised $72 million in Series C funding. No investor information was disclosed. www.ourcrowd.co"
" Heliatek, a German solar film manufacturer, has raised €42 million in Series D equity funding. Innogy SE led the round, and was joined by ENGIE, BNP Paribas, CEE Group and return backers AQTON, BASF, eCAPITAL, HTGF, Innogy Venture Capital, TUDAG and Wellington Partners. The company also secured €20 million in debt and about €18 million in subsidies. www.heliatek.co"
" Pepperfry, an online home goods retailer in India, has raised $31 million in new VC funding. Return backers include Bertelsmann India Investments, Goldman Sachs, Norwest Venture Partners and Zodius Technology Fund. www.pepperfry.co"
" FinanceFox, a European insurance technology startup, has raised $28 million in Series A funding. Horizons Ventures and Target Global co-led the round, and were joined by return backers AngelList, Idinvest, Salesforce Ventures, Speedinvest, Seedcamp and Victory Park Capital. www.financefox.d"
" Gametime, a San Francisco-based mobile provider of last-minute tickets, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. Google Ventures, Evolution Media Partners and the Stanford StartX Fund were joined by return backers like Accel Partners. www.gametime.c"
" Efficient Drivetrains Inc., a Milpitas, Calif.-based developer of hybrid and electric drivetrain solutions, has raised $7.85 million in a first close of its Series C funding round. H&Q Asia Pacific led the round, and was joined by Jiaxing Daxin Investment Partnership. The round is expected to close next quarter with a total of $15 million. www.efficientdrivetrains.co"
" Troops, a New York-based Slackbot for sales, has raised $7 million in new VC funding. Aspect Ventures, Slack Fund, Susa Ventures and Flight.VC were joined by return backers First Round Capital, Nextview Ventures, Chicago Ventures, Great Oaks Capital, Founder Collective and Vast Ventures. Read more"
" Catalyze Inc., a Madison, Wis.-based provider of cloud infrastructure for healthcare companies, has raised $6.5 million in Series B funding. Lewis & Clark Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Arthur Ventures, Baird Venture Partners and Chicago Ventures. www.catalyze.i"
" Mobilize, developer of a unified messaging management platform, has raised $6.5 million in new VC funding. Backers include Trinity Ventures, Array Ventures, Floodgate, Hillsven Capital and Upwest Labs. www.mobilize.i"
" Nucleus, a New York-based maker of a connected home intercom, has raised $5.6 million in Series A funding. Amazon's Alexa Fund led the round, and was joined by BoxGroup, Greylock, Founders Fund, Foxconn, Liquid 2 Ventures and SV Angel. www.nucleuslife.co"
" Imbellus, a New York-based job candidate screening and personality assessment platform, has raised $4 million in new VC funding. Backers include Upfront Ventures, GLG, Sound Ventures and Thrive Capital. Read more"
" Allset, a San Francisco-based “wait-free dining startup,” has raised $2.35 million in seed funding. Metamorphic Ventures led the round, and was joined by Andreessen Horowitz, FJ Labs and return backer SMRK VC Fund. www.allsetnow.co"
" SecurityMatters, a Dutch provider of cybersecurity solutions for industrial control systems, has raised an undisclosed amount of new VC funding. Emerald Technology Ventures led the round, and was joined by Robert Bosch Venture Capital, KPN Ventures and Phoenix Contact Innovation Ventures. www.secmatters.co"
" Apax Partners is among several private equity firms circling Arrow Global Group PLC (LSE: ARW), a UK-based buyer and manager of delinquent consumer loans, according to Bloomberg. The company has a current market cap of around £480 million. Read more"
 The Blackstone Group has agreed to acquire 46 industrial properties in the U.S. (mostly on the West Coast) from LBA Realty LLC for $1.5 billion.
" Capshare, a Sandy, Utah-based equity management platform, has raised an undisclosed amount of strategic funding from Standish Management, a San Francisco-based provider of private equity fund administration services. Existing Capshare investors include Draper Associates, Kickstart Seed Fund and Otter Rock Capital. www.capshare.co"
" Connecting Point Marketing Group Inc., a Rye, N.H.-based provider of business networking and information events for senior-level executives in various industries, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Corridor Capital and Aldine Capital Partners. www.corridorcapital.co"
" Deposition Solutions, a Houston, Texas-based litigation support services company owned by Trinity Hunt Partners, has acquired Jensen Litigation Solutions, a Chicago-based provider of deposition reporting and legal videography services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.depotexas.co"
" Forsyth Capital Investors has acquired HawkeyePedershaab Inc., a Mediapolis, Iowa-based maker of capital equipment and aftermarket products for the production of concrete pipe and manholes. No financial terms were disclosed. www.hawkeyepedershaab.co"
" Great Point Partners has sponsored a recapitalization of Alliance Biomedical Research, a Greenville, S.C.-based clinical trial research site business. No financial terms were disclosed. www.alliancebiomedical.co"
" Versa Capital Management has acquired SynCardia Systems Inc., a Tucson, Ariz.-based developer of an “implantable system designed to assume the full function of a failed human heart,” via a bankruptcy court process. www.syncardia.co"
" Young Innovations, an Earth City, Mo.-based portfolio company of Linden Capital Partners, has acquired The Orthodontic Store Inc., a Gaithersburg, Md.-based provider of orthodontic appliances, supplies and instruments. www.yiinc.co"
" BlackLine Systems, a Los Angeles-based accounting software company backed by Silver Lake, has hired Goldman Sachs to prep an IPO that could value the company north of $1 billion, according to Reuters. The company reportedly has already filed confidentially with the SEC. Read more"
" Novan Inc., a Durham, N.C.-based developer of dermatological therapies via a nitric oxide platform, raised $45 million in its IPO. The company priced 4.1 million shares at $11 per share, compared to earlier plans to offer 3.75 million shares at between $11 and $13 per share. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol NOVN, with Piper Jaffray serving as lead underwriter. Shareholders in the pre-revenue company include Malin Corp. (16.25% pre-IPO stake), Claris Ventures, OrbiMed Advisors, U.S. Venture Partners, Astellas Venture Management and 5AM Ventures. www.novantherapeutics.co"
" Postal Savings Bank, a state-owned Chinese lender, has raised more than $7 billion in a Hong Kong IPO. Read more"
" Trade Desk Inc., a Ventura, Calif.-based self-serve digital ad platform, raised $84 million in its IPO. The company priced 4.67 million shares at $18 per share (high end of upwardly-revised range), for an initial market cap of approximately $688 million. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TTD, with Citigroup serving as left lead underwriter. Trade Desk reports $6.6 million of net income on $76 million in revenue for the first six months of 2016, compared to 5.7 million of net income on $42 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Investors include IA Ventures (19.8% pre-IPO stake), Founder Collective (14.1%), Wellington Management (11.5%) and Highwind (7%). www.thetradedesk.co"
" The Abraaj Group has agreed to sell its 80% stake in Jordan Aircraft Maintenance Ltd., a Jordanian commercial aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul facility, to Dubai Aerospace Enterprise. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" KPS Capital Partners has sold United Copper Industries Inc., a Denton, Texas-based manufacturer and distributor of copper building wire and cable, to Southwire Company LLC for an undisclosed amount. www.unitedcopper.co"
" LastMinute Group (Swiss: LMN) has acquired WAYN, a UK-based travel social network founded in 2002. No financial terms were disclosed. WAYN backers had included Draper Esprit, Scottish Equity Partners and Howzat Partners. Read more"
 Allergan (NYSE: AGN) has agreed to acquire liver disease drug maker Tobira Therapeutics (Nasdaq: TBRA) for approximately $1.7 billion. Read more
 Kuwaiti European Holding Group has acquired a 23.1% stake in UK-based stockbroker WH Ireland Group PLC (AIM: WHI) for £8.45 million. Read more
" Banco Santander has ended talks to acquire London-based commercial bank Williams & Glyn from Royal Bank of Scotland, according to the FT, which cited price disagreements. Read more"
" Tessera Technologies (Nasdaq: TSRA) has agreed to acquire DTS (Nasdaq: DTSI), a provider of audio technology for mobile devices, for about $850 million in cash. Read more"
" Five Arrows Secondary Opportunities, the European small and mid-cap private equity secondaries unit of Rothschild Merchant Banking, has closed its fourth fund with €451 million in capital commitments. www.rothschild.com/fas"
 The Riverside Company has closed its fourth microcap buyout fund with $650 million in capital commitments. www.riversidecompany.co
" The Rohatyn Group, a New York-based emerging markets asset management and investment firm, has opened a new office in Seoul, South Korea. It will be led by managing director Gordon Cho. www.rohatyngroup.co"
" Bessemer Venture Partners has promoted Josh Harder to vice president. He joined the firm in 2014, and recently relocated from New York to San Francisco. www.bvp.co"
" John Boehner, former Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, has joined law firm Patton Boggs as a “strategic advisor.” Read more"
 John Cesarz has joined Perella Weinberg Partners as a New York-based managing director in the firm’s advisory business and a member of its restructuring practice. He previously was a managing director with Miller Buckfire & Co. www.pwpartners.co
" Todd Combs, one of Warren Buffett’s lieutenants at Berkshire Hathaway, has been named to the board of J.P. Morgan Chase (NYSE: JPM). Read more"
" Scott Graves is stepping down as head of credit strategies at Oaktree Capital Management, in order to “pursue new opportunities.” He has been with the Los Angeles-based firm for 15 years. Read more"
" Sandor Hau and Matt Jacobson have joined Charlesbank Capital Partners as a managing director and principal, respectively. Hau previously was with Nomura as a managing director and head of corporate credit and special situations. Jacobson also was with Nomura previously. www.charlesbank.co"
" Damien Loveday has joined Angelo, Gordon & Co. as a managing director of investor relations. He previously was global head of diversifying strategies for Willis Towers Watson"
" Helge Lund, former CEO of BG Group PLC and Statoil ASA, has joined buyout firm Clayton, Dubilier & Rice as an operating advisor. www.cdr-inc.co"
" Karimah Es Sabar has been named CEO of Quark Venture, a Vancouver-based VC firm focused on the biotech and life sciences space. He previously was president and CEO of the Centre for Drug Research and Development. www.quarkventure.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Last week we reported on Asenqua Ventures, an elaborate hoax that involved a federal prisoner, a dead reality VC star, venture capital and even a Guns 'n Roses reference. Today we've published Part II, which involves a different ""venture capital firm,"" two bogus recruiting firms and a much more insidious scam that duped dozens of Term Sheet readers (let alone how many unknown others)."
"Yes, the two situations are related. This one has taken us from San Diego to Texas to Dubai to Pakistan, and involved a phone call from an anonymous ""attorney"" who was very interested in learning what I had uncovered. Within the past 24 hours, most of the related websites have gone offline. Here you go: The Ghost in the VC Machine."
"  Personnel notes: Bill Siegel has stepped down as head of NASDAQ Private Market (which he joined via the SecondMarket acquisition), in order to join cyber-security startup SecurityScorecard as CFO. In other personnel news, GTCR has quietly promoted Benjamin Daverman and Lawrence Fey to managing directors, and Stephen Jeschke to principal"
"  Quiz time: Can you name the ""unicorn"" that just held a closing dinner for its latest mega-funding, even though the entire deal isn't entirely closed"
 Making the grade: Fortune's  latest 40 Under 40 list was released this morning. Only two financiers -- Goldman banker Kim Posnett and hedge fund manager Ides McKeever -- but plenty of CEO types whose names will be familiar to Term Sheet readers. Here is the full list
" E.L.F. Beauty, an Oakland, Calif.-based cosmetics company, raised around $142 million in its IPO. The company priced 8.33 million shares at $17 per share (above $14-$16 range), for an initial market cap of approximately $754 million. It will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol ELF, while J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley served as lead underwriters"
"E.L.F. reports $1.1 million of net income on $97 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to $2.7 million of net income on $75 million of revenue for the year-earlier period. TPG Growth holds a 56.8% ownership stake, based on an early purchase from TSG Consumer Partners for an undisclosed amount. Read more."
" Avalara Inc., a Seattle-based provider of tax compliance automation software, has raised $96 million in new growth equity funding ($46 million of which is a secondary to repurchase shares from early investors). Return backers include Warburg Pincus, TCV and  Sageview Capital. www.avalara.co"
" Centec Networks, a China-based provider of of Ethernet switching silicon and SDN white b ox solutions, has raised $47 million in Series E funding led by China Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund. www.centecnetworks.co"
" BrightFarms Inc., a New York-based national brand of local produce, has raised $30.1 million in Series C funding. Catalyst Investors led the round, and was joined by return backers WP Global Partners and NGEN Partners. www.brightfarms.co"
" Brightline, a New York -based provider of ""advanced TV"" solutions, has raised $20 million in Series A funding led by Joe Moglia (chairman of TD Ameritrade and Fundamental Global Investors)"
" InfluxData, a San Francisco-based developer of an open-source platform for managing “time-series” data, has raised $16 million in Series B funding. Battery Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Mayfield, Trinity Ventures and Bloomberg Beta. www.influxdata.co"
" Operator, a China-based personal shopping assistant chatbot, $15 million in Series B funding at a $100 million pre-money valuation. GGV Capital led the round, and was joined by Formation8, Morningside Ventures, Horizons Ventures and return backers Greylock Partners and Expa. Read more"
" Mavrx, a San Francisco-based provider of aerial imagery technologies for the agriculture market, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Eclipse Ventures led the round, and was joined by Bloomberg Beta and Visionnaire Ventures. www.mavrx.c"
" Sonder, a San Francisco-based P2P “homtel” platform for travelers (i.e., Airbnb plus hotel hospitality), has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Spark Capital led the round, and was joined by Thayer Ventures, Real Ventures and BDC Capital. It previously raised $5 million. www.sondercollection.co"
" GameCo., a Las Vegas-based developer of “skill-based video game gambling machines,” has raised $8.25 million in seed and Series A funding. Javelin Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Courtside Ventures, QB1 Ventures, New York Angels, Steel Partners and individual angels. www.gco.g"
" TrueFacet, a New York-based online marketplace for used jewelry and watches, has raised $6 million in Series A funding. Maveron led the round, and was joined by Freestyle Capital, Social Leverage, Founders' Co-op, Trilogy, Liquid2 Ventures and individual angels. www.truefacet.co"
"Vina, a new social network for girls, has raised $1.4 million in seed funding from Greylock, NEA, Wildcat Venture Partners and Tinder. Read more."
" GI Partners has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Daxko  Inc., a Birmingham, Ala.-based provider of software to member-based health and wellness organizations, from Pamlico Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www. daxko .co"
" Harley-Davidson Inc. (NYSE: HOG) stock climbed nearly 7% in early trading yesterday, on renewed rumors about buyout interest from KKR. It closed the day up 3.93%, giving it a market cap of $9.45 billion. Read more"
" Prospect Partners has acquired an undisclosed equity stake in All Glass & Windows, a Sarasota, Fla.-based installer and distributor of distributes impact-resistant glass and glass-related products for general contractors and builders. No financial terms were disclosed. www.allglasswindows.co"
" Solina Group, a UK-based food ingredient solutions company owned by Ardian, has agreed to acquire New Ivory, a maker of culinary sauces. No financial terms were disclosed. www.solina-group.e"
"  SenesTech Inc., a Flagstaff, Ariz.-based developer of fertility control solutions for animal pest populations, has filed for a $28.75 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SNES, with Roth Capital Partners serving as underwriter. www.senestech.co"
" Airware, a Newport Beach, Calif.-based drone OS and hardware startup, has acquired Redbird, a provider of drone analytis, for an undisclosed amount. Airware has raised around $82 million in VC funding from firms like Andreessen Horowitz and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. Redbird had raised over €2 million from groups like ENGIE NewVentures. Read more"
" EQT Partners has hired J.P. Morgan to find a buyer for German healthcare BSN Medical, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be valued at around €3 billion, with several private equity firms reported to have interest. Read more"
" A.P. Moller-Maersk, a listed Danish conglomerate, said that it will split into separate transport and energy companies. Read more"
" Yum China Holdings, the China business being spun off by KFC owner Yum Brands (NYSE: YUM), has filed to issue 10 million shares to select participants in Yum incentive plan. Read more"
" FountainVest Partners has closed its third China-focused private equity fund with $2.1 billion in capital commitments, according to the WSJ. Read more"
Signia Venture Partners has closed its second early-stage tech VC fund with $85 million in capital commitments. Read more
 Gianluca D’Angelo has joined fund placement firm Eaton Partners as a managing director and head of Europe. He previously was a partner with Probitas Partners UK. Eaton also has added James Townend (ex- Nomura Asset Management) as a director. www.eatonpartnersllc.co
 Eyal Malinger has joined VC firm Beringea as a UK-based investment director. He previously led property technology investments for Countrywide PLC. Beringea also has added both Olivia Cramer (ex-BofA Merrill Lynch) and Philip Edmondson-Jones (ex-OC&C Strategy Consultants) as associates. www.beringea.co.u
" Don Sturdivant, former CEO of FleetPride, has joined private equity firm Snow Phipps Group as an operating partner focused on the packaging industry"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Yahoo yesterday confirmed that information from at least 500 million user accounts was stolen in 2014, by what it is calling a “state-sponsored actor.” This could create a problem for the company’s recent agreement to be acquired by Verizon for $4.8 billion."
"The Verizon-Yahoo merger documents include fairly standard material breach language, and the whole thing is governed by a state, which basically means that Verizon cannot bail on the deal because of changes in external factors like global political conditions. It also cannot terminate because Yahoo misses financial projections (either internal or external)."
"Verizon could, however, claim a material breach for something like this data hack, by arguing that the event has caused irreparable harm to Yahoo in terms of customer trust and usage. Moreover, the NY Times reports that remediation for such a hack could ultimately cost more than the $4.8 billion Verizon is paying for Yahoo."
"Nonetheless, it's crazy tough sledding to get Delaware to accept a MAC argument, particularly given that evidence of reduced usage and related revenue declines, for example, would not be immediately available for quite some time. Theoretically possible, but Verizon would be more likely to use the threat of court action to renegotiate its original agreement."
"A larger problem, however, relates to what Yahoo knew and when it knew it."
"Verizon claims Yahoo only informed it of the breach within the past two days (i.e., not before the merger agreement was signed). But the the first possible public report of this breach came out one week after the merger sub was signed, with Yahoo saying it was ""aware"" of the claims."
"That means, in order to have not breached its warranties and representations to Verizon, Yahoo either: (a) Must have first learned of the 500 million account hack after July 23 (merger sub signed), but before August 1 (first public hack report); or (b) This is a different hack."
"On that last point, Yahoo is currently playing coy."
"In a statement, Verizon only would say that it “will evaluate as the investigation continues.”"
"  Answer Key: Yesterday we asked you to name the ""unicorn"" that just held a closing dinner for its latest mega-funding, even though the entire deal isn't entirely closed? The answer was Airbnb, and you can find more info below in the Big Deal section"
"  Scam update: Dozens more of you write in yesterday to say that you were contacted as part of the VC/recruiting scam we reported on yesterday. It's also worth noting that the Australian freelancer who was contracted to write the resume blog post we cited (via online marketplace UpWork) now tells me that the job was offered by ""Muneeb Ashfraf."" That's the same person who paid for Sienna Ventures and Asenqua Ventures press releases, and who was identified in the WHOIS directory for one of the ""recruiting firm"" websites. Still unclear, however, if it's a pseudonym"
" Gametime: We have three ""sponsored"" spots available for our charity softball game, which takes place this coming Monday afternoon at Fenway Park in Boston. Two are being generously donated by Golub Capital, and one is from an anonymous donor"
"To win a spot, we are holding a caption contest to this photo:"
"If you cannot see the image, I've also posted it via Twitter. Simply tweet your caption with the hashtag #TermSheet, and I'll pick the winners by tomorrow morning."
 Have a great weekend
" Airbnb has raised $555 million in new equity funding at a $30 billion valuation, co-led by Google Capital and Technology Crossover Ventures (neither of which received board seats). Most other investors in the round are new to the company"
"Airbnb continues to fundraise, with plans to raise upwards of $850 million via this round. The company also has completed a secondary offering that generated liquidity for early shareholders (mostly employees). Read more."
" Linio, an ecommerce marketplace for Latin America, has raised $55 million in new VC funding. Backers include LIV Capital, Northgate Capital and Kinnevik. Read more"
" Gfycat, a user-generated content platform, has raised $10 million in seed funding. Alsop Louie Partners led the round, and was joined by Pear Ventures, StartX Fund andYou and Mr. Jones. Read more"
" Anodot, an Israel-based business incident detection and analytics startup, has raised $8 million in new VC funding. Aleph Venture Capital led the round, and was joined by Disruptive Technologies. www.anodot.co"
" Aceable, an Austin, Texas-based mobile app for driver’s ed, has raised $4 million in Series A funding co-led by Floodgate and Silverton Partners. Read more"
" Cyclica, a Toronto-based in silo drug discovery company, has raised C$2.4 million in Series A1 funding. GreenSky led the round, and was joined by the China Canada Angel Alliance. www.cyclicarx.co"
" Collaborative Solutions, a Reston, Va.-based “business transformation consultancy,” has secured an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from WestView Capital Partners. www.collaborativesolutions.co"
" Accruent, an Austin, Texas-based provider of real estate, facilities and asset management software, has acquired Verisae Inc., a Minneapolis-based provider of IoT cloud software that that connect facilities and assets to maintenance and service networks. No financial terms were disclosed. Accruent is a portfolio company of Genstar Capital, while Verisae had been backed by Marlin Equity Partners. www.accruent.co"
" Advent International is the leading bidder for Morpho, the biometric security unit of Safran SA (Paris: SAF), with an offer of around $2.7 billion, according to Bloomberg. Rival bidders include Gemalto NV and unidentified buyout firms. Read more"
" Cinven has short-listed four private equity firms in the auction for portfolio company SLV, a German maker of technical lighting products that could be valued at between €750 million and €850 million, according to Reuters. The suitors are: Ardian, 3i Group, Lone Star Funds and Triton Private Equity. Read more"
" Hilco Vision, a Plainville, Mass.-based eye care solutions company owned by Blue Point Capital Partners, has acquired Dutch companies Optiplus and Proteye. No financial terms were disclosed for either deal. www.hilco.co"
" Housatonic Partners has acquired Accurate Monitoring LLC, a Fairfield, N.J.-based provider of intraoperative neurophysiological monitoring services to hospitals and surgical groups. No financial terms were disclosed. www.accuratemonitoring.co"
" J.C. Flowers & Co. has agreed to acquire a control stake in ELMC Group LLC, a New York-based underwriter of medical stop-loss insurance, for an undisclosed amount. In conjunction with the deal, ELMC will acquire IOA Re Inc. of East Norriton, Penn. www.elmcgroup.co"
" Millstein & Co. has acquired Huntington Foam, a Jeanette, Penn.-based maker of custom shape-molded foam and packaging solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.huntingtonfoam.co"
" Shanhai Capital has agreed to acquire Analogix Semiconductor Inc., a Santa Clara, Calif.-based maker of semiconductors for digital multimedia market, for over $500 million. Analogix had raised around $90 million in VC funding from firms like Woodside Fund, DCM Ventures, Globespan Capital Partners, JAIC America, Yet2Ventures, Samsung Venture Investment and Western Technology Investment. Read more"
" AC Immune SA, a Swiss biopharma company focused on developing treatments for neurodegenerative diseases associated with protein misfolding, raised $66 million in its IPO. The company priced 6 million shares at $11 per share (low end of $11-$13 range), for an initial market cap of around $609 million. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol ACIU, while Credit Suisse, Jefferies and Leerink Partners served as underwriters. Shareholders include Dievini Hopp BioTech (37.7% pre-IPO stake). www.acimmune.co"
"  Apptio, a Bellevue, Wash.-based provider of cloud-based technology business management software, raised $96 million in its IPO. The company priced 6 million shares at $16 per share (above $13-$15 range), for an initial market cap of approximately $597 million. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol APTI, while Goldman Sachs was listed as left lead underwriter. Apptio reports a $14.9 million net loss on nearly $76 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to an $18.4 million net loss on $62 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. It has raised around $136 million in total VC funding from firms like Greylock Partners (16.5% pre-IPO stake), Madrona Venture Group (16.6%), Shasta Ventures (9.5%), Janus Capital, Hillman Co., T. Rowe Price Group and Andreessen Horowitz. www.apptio.co"
"  Coupa Software Inc., a San Mateo, Calif.-based corporate spend management platform, has set its IPO terms to 6.7 million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $711 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol COUP, with Morgan Stanley serving as left lead underwriter. Apptio reports a $24 million net loss on around $60 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to a $25 million net loss on $34.5 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. It has raised over $160 million in VC funding from firms like Mohr Davidow Ventures (16.3% pre-IPO stake), Battery Ventures (16.2%), El Dorado Ventures (13.9%), BlueRun Ventures (12.7%), Crosslink Ventures (11.1%), ICONIQ (5.1%), Rally Ventures and T. Rowe Price. www.coupa.co"
"  Lufax, a Chinese online lender most recently valued at $18.5 billion by VCs, is in talks with four banks ― CITIC Securities, J.P. Morgan, Citigroup and Morgan Stanley ― about leading its Hong Kong IPO, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  Valvoline Inc., a Lexington, Ky.-based branded automotive lubricant company being spun out by Ashland Inc. (NYSE: ASH), raised $660 million in its IPO. The company priced 30 million shares at $22 per share ($20-$23 range), for an initial market cap of approximately $4.4 billion. It will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol VVV, while BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup and Morgan Stanley served as underwriters. Valvoline reports $133 million of net income on $936 million in revenue for the six months ending March 31, 2016, compared to $90.5 million of net income on $973 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. www.valvoline.co"
" Bain Capital is considering a sale process for Consolidated Container Co., an Atlanta-based packaging company that could be valued at more than $1.5 billion, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" GCT Global Container Terminals Inc., a North American marine container terminal operator owned by Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan, has hired Macquarie and CIBC to review strategic options that could include a sale of the business, according to Reuters. The company reportedly could be worth more than $4 billion. Read more"
" Hill-Rom (NYSE: HRC) has acquired Tridien Medical, a Coral Springs, Fla.-based maker of patient positioning and other medical devices, from Compass Diversified Holdings for an undisclosed amount. www.tridien.co"
 Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) has acquired India-based machining learning startup Tuplejump for an undisclosed amount. Read more
" Cisco Systems, IBM and Forcepoint (owned by Vista Equity Partners and Raytheon) all are considering bids for Imperva (NYSE: IMPV), a Redwood Shores, Calif.-based online security company currently valued at around $1.4 billion. Read more"
" Cogobuy Group (HK: 400), an e-commerce service platform for the Chinese electronics manufacturing industry, in says that it has raised $260 million in new equity funding from Lindeman Asia Investment, China’s National Council for Social Security Fund and China Reinsurance Corp. The deal is in exchange for a stake of at least 10%. Read more"
" Dalian Wanda Group Co. is in talks to collaborate on movie projects with Sony Corp.’s film unit, Bloomberg. Read more"
" Shanghai Electric Power Co. is the leading bidder for a control stake in $2.4 billion Pakistani utility K-Electric Ltd., according to Bloomberg. Read more"
Signia Venture Partners has closed its second early-stage tech VC fund with $85 million in capital commitments. Read more
" Grupo BTG Pactual SA has named Renato Mazzola as managing director for private equity investments, replacing Marcelo Hallack, according to Reuters. Mazzola currently serves as the Brazilian investment bank’s head of proprietary infrastructure investing. Read more"
" Sarah Hodges has joined Boston-based VC firm Pillar Companies as a partner. She is the co-founder of Intelligent.ly, and also has spent several years as an advisor to Flybridge Capital Partners. www.pillar.v"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Unlike most advertising technology startups, San Francisco-based AppLovin never raised any traditional venture capital. Instead, it was bootstrapped, profitable by the end of its first month and backed by just $4 million in angel funding."
"Also unlike most advertising technology startups, AppLovin is now being acquired at a ""unicorn"" valuation."
"Fortune has learned that the company has agreed to sell a majority stake to Chinese private equity firm Orient Hontai Capital at an enterprise value of $1.42 billion. The deal was announced to company employees earlier this morning, and is expected to close before year-end."
"""We started the business five years ago, back before Facebook had even launched mobile advertising, because there were no good ways for app developers to promote themselves,"" says Adam Foroughi, AppLovin's CEO and, to date, the only member of its board of directors. ""Our mission statement when we began was to help mobile app developers grow their businesses in smart and efficient ways, and it hasn't changed since."""
"Foroughi adds that earlier this year he began visiting China, where he believes his company's next major growth will occur. He met with lots of potential investors and partners, but was attracted to a purchase offer from OHC because of what refers to as alignments on how to grow in China, and how to ""bring Chinese companies West"" via the Applovin platform. He adds that he's ""sort of a private person, and don't want to be CEO of a public company."""
"As for the lack of venture capital, it wasn't necessarily intentional. Instead, it was more a byproduct of Foroughi having enough personal resources to bootstrap the launch, and then the company's immediate success."
"""I couldn't find anyone to give us an investment at what I thought was a reasonable starting point valuation (maybe $4 million or $5 million) and, by the end of our first year of operations, we were profitable and doing over $1 million a month in revenue,"" he explains. ""So I put together a round with angels not really because we needed the cash, but because I thought these were influential people who could help us grow."""
"Inc. reports that Applovin generated $234 million in revenue last year (a figure Foroughi does not dispute). Expectations are that revenue will be at least double in 2016, as Applovin has done every year of its existence to date."
" VC nerdery: Yesterday I wrote about cloud security company Skyhigh Networks raising $40 million in Series D funding. The pre-money valuation was modestly higher than the $340 million post-money valuation it received in its Series C round two years ago. To me, that makes it an ""up round."
"The complication, however, is that the Series D stock actually was priced lower than the Series C stock, because Skyhigh has been increasing its employee option pool in the interim. To me, the ""up round"" characterization still applies ― if a public co splits its stock, we don't automatically claim the company lost value ― but I'm interested in your thoughts on these terms of art."
" Gametime: A group of Term Sheet readers will be playing softball this afternoon at Fenway Park. First pitch is 2:10pm, and you're all welcome to come hang out, eat hot dogs and root us on (trust me, we'll need it). Also, special congrats to our caption winners from last Friday"
"Whitney Wells: ""Raise your hand if you look good in orange""Drew Jordan: ""I wasn't aware that the shredder was running, when I tried to catch Pikachu.""David Wiesenfeld: ""Raise your hand if you have ever been personally victimized by Elizabeth Warren."""
" Flashback: There has been a lot of attention paid over the past week to lousy performance at the Harvard University endowment, but this isn't a new issue. Pretty sure we discussed it in late 2013"
 Can you hear me now? The silence from Verizon on its commitment to the Yahoo acquisition is deafening
" Monday haikuMarc Andreessen goneFrom Twitter, without a causeWho to argue with"
 CBOE Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: CBOE) has agreed to acquire Bats Global Markets (BATS: BATS) for approximately $3.2 billion in cash and stock. Bats shareholders include TA Associates (21.06% stake). Read more
" FreshDirect, a Long Island City, N.Y.-based grocery delivery service, has raised $189 million in new funding. JPMorgan Asset Management led the round, and was joined by return backers W Capital and the AARP Innovation Fund. Read more"
" InstaMed, a Philadelphia-based payments network for the healthcare market, has raised $50 million in new funding from Carrick Capital Partners. www.instamed.co"
" Skyhigh Networks, a Campbell, Calif.-based provider of cloud security and control solutions for the enterprise, has raised $40 million in Series D funding. Thomvest Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Greylock Partners and Sequoia Capital. Read more"
" Certona, a San Diego-based provider of omnichannel personalization solutions for brands and retailers, has raised $30 million in new growth equity funding led by Primus Capital. www.certona.co"
" FinalCAD, a France-based provider of mobile construction apps and predictive analytics, has raised $20 million in Series B funding from Serena Capial, Caphorn Invest and Aster Capital. www.finalcad.co"
" MemberSuite, an Atlanta-based provider of customizable association management software, has raised $11 million in Series B funding led by Revolution Ventures. www.membersuite.co"
" Podium Data Inc., a Lowell, Mass.-based data lake management platform for the enterprise, has raised $9.5 million in Series A funding led by Malibu Ventures. www.podiumdata.co"
" Estify, a Los Angeles-based startup that automates integration of estimate data between auto insurance companies and body shops, has raised $6.3 million in Series A funding. Romulus Capital led the round, and was joined by ff Venture Capital. www.estify.co"
" Kinetica, a San Francisco-based developer of an in-memory database “accelerated by GPUs,” has raised $6 million in new VC funding led by Ray Lane. www.kinetica.co"
" Mautic, a Boston-based provider of open-source marketing automation solutions, has raised $5 million in Series A funding co-led by G20 Ventures and Underscore.vc. www.mautic.co"
" Paddle, an ecommerce platform for software businesses, has raised $3.2 million in Series A funding. BGF Ventures led the round, and was joined by Spring Partners. www.paddle.co"
" Zero, a San Francisco-based mobile banking startup, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding. Eniac Ventures led the round, and was joined by NEA, Nyca Partners, Lightbank and Middleland Capital. www.zerofinancial.co"
" Abraaj Group has acquired a “significant minority stake” in Capa de Ozono, a Mexican fashion footwear company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.abraaj.co"
" Baring Private Equity Asia has agreed to acquire SAI Global Ltd. (ASX: SAI), an Australian provider of risk management and property services, for around A$1 billion. Read more"
" CVC Capital Partners has acquired Logen Group, a South Korean parcel delivery business, from Baring Private Equity Asia. No financial terms were disclosed, but local media reports suggest around a $300 million purchase price. Losing bidders included Affinity Equity Partners and The Carlyle Group. Read more"
" Equistone Partners Europe has acquired a majority stake in D3T Distribution, a French online retailer of motorcycle accessories and clothing, from Inspirational Stores. No financial terms were disclosed, except that D3T generated around €38 million in revenue during its most recent fiscal year. www.equistonepe.co"
" Permira is among the five bidders for the share registry business of Hong Kong-based Bank of East Asia, which is under pressure from activist investor Elliott Management, according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at around $800 million. Read more"
" Vista Equity Partners has agreed to acquire GovDelivery, a St. Paul, Min.-based digital communication platform for government, for $153 million. www.govdelivery.co"
" Five companies are expected to price IPOs on U.S. exchanges this week, including Nutanix. Read more"
" Aritzia Inc., a Canadian women’s fashion retailer owned by Berkshire Partners, has increased the number of shares being offered in its upcoming IPO from C$14 per share to C$16 per share. The company now could raise upwards of C$400 million. Read more"
" AquaVenture Holdings, a Tampa, Fla.-based provider of wastewater treatment and purification services and systems, has set its IPO terms to 6.5 million shares being offered at between $18 and $20 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $483 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol WAAS, with Citigroup, Deutsche Bank and RBC Capital Markets serving as lead underwriters. AquaVenture reports around an $8.2 million net loss on $55 million in revenue for the first six months of 2016. Shareholders include Element Partners and the Virgin Green Fund. www.aquaventure.co"
" Camping World Holdings Inc., a retailer of recreational vehicles and TV accessories, has set its IPO terms to 11.36 million shares being offered at between $21 and $23 per share. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol CWH, with Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan serving as co-lead underwriters. Camping World is controlled by Crestview Partners, and reports $178.5 million of net income on $3.3 billion in revenue for 2015. www.campingworld.co"
" Everspin Technologies, a Chandler, Ariz.-based maker of magnetic RAM products, has set its IPO terms to 3.75 million shares being offering at between $11 and $13 per share. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol MRAM, with Stifel and Needham & Co. serving as lead underwriters. Everspin has raised around $77 million in VC funding, from firms like New Venture Partners (31.5% pre-IPO stake), Sigma Partners (9.3%), Lux Ventures (7.6%), Globasl Foundries (6.23%), Freescale Semiconductor (5.3%), Epic Ventures (4.6%) and Draper Fisher Jurvetson (4.6%). www.everspin.co"
" Gridsum Holding Inc., a provider of data analysis software for multinational and domestic enterprises and government agencies in China, raised $87 million in its IPO. The company priced 6.7 million American depository shares at $13 per share (above $10.50-$12.50 offering range). It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol GSUM, while Goldman Sachs (Asia) and Citigroup served as lead underwriters. The company reports a $4.5 million net loss on around $22 million of revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include Steamboat Ventures and Nokia Growth Partners. www.gridsum.co"
" iRhythm Technologies Inc., a San Francisco-based developer of cardiac diagnostic monitoring solutions, has filed for an $86.25 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol IRTC, with J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $10.6 million net loss on $28.6 million in revenue for the first half of 2016. It has raised nearly $100 million in VC funding from firms like Synergy Life Science Partners (16.39% pre-IPO stake), Norwest Venture Partners (16.01%), Novo AS (13.68%), New Leaf Venture Partners (12.03%), Mohr Davidow Ventures (9.76%) and Kaiser Permanente Ventures (9.37%) and Stanford University. www.irhythmtech.co"
" CA Technologies (Nasdaq: CA) has agreed to acquire BlazeMeter, an Israel-based provider of continuous application performance testing software. No financial terms were disclosed. Blazemeter had raised around $7 million in VC funding from firms like YL Ventures, Glilot Capital Partners, Flint Capital and Western Technology Investment. www.ca.co"
 BandLab of Singapore has acquired a 49% stake in Rolling Stone magazine from Wenner Media for an undisclosed amount. Read more
" Lanxess AG, a listed German maker of synthetic rubber, has agreed to acquire Philadelphia-based Chemtura (NYSE: CHEM) for around $2.12 billion in cash (not including assumed debt). The $33.50 per share deal represents around a 19% premium to Friday’s closing price for Chemtura shares. Read more"
" Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) has abandoned plans to split into two separate, publicly-traded companies. Read more"
" StellaService, a New York-based provider of customer service ratings for online retailers, has acquired ICC/Decision Services, a New York-based provider of customer experience management services to large retailers. No financial terms were disclosed. StellaService has raised around $37 million in VC funding from firms like Comcast Ventures, Toba Capital, Novel TMT, Norwest Venture Partners, Battery Ventures, DFJ Gotham Ventures, RRE Ventures and Forerunner Ventures. www.stellaservice.co"
" Aleph, an Israeli early-stage venture capital firm, has closed its second fund with $180 million in capital commitments. www.aleph.v"
 Canvas Ventures has closed its second fund with $300 million in capital commitments. www.canvas.v
" Firebrand Ventures, a Kansas City-based VC firm focused on early-stage companies in the greater Midwest, is raising $15 million for its debut fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.firebrandvc.co"
 FTV Capital has closed its fifth growth equity fund with $850 million in capital commitments. www.ftvcapital.co
" Procuritas, a Nordic private equity firm, is nearing a €300 million final close for its sixth fund, according to Dow Jones. www.procuritas.s"
" Razor’s Edge Ventures, a Reston, Va.-based venture firm focused on the “intersection of national security and commercial enterprise,” is raising upwards of $250 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.razorsvc.co"
" TCA Fund Management Group, an Aventura, Fla.-based, is raising upwards of $400 million for its first private equity fund (focused on small-cap, growth-stage companies in the US and UK), according to Dow Jones. www.tcaglobalfund.co"
" Goldman Sachs is cutting around 30% of its 300 investment banking jobs in Asia (non-Japan), according to Reuters. Read more"
" Nairi Hourdajian is stepping down from her longtime communications role with Uber, in order to become VP of communications with venture firm Canaan Partners. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Yesterday was consumed with charity softball and presidential debate coverage (i.e., not Term Sheet-type reporting), so just a few quick notes to kick off our Tuesday:"
" That's So Mavens: Yahoo has issued a statement claiming that an alleged hack from mid-summer is different than the hack of 500 million accounts it disclosed late last week. It's an important distinction, given the timing of its agreement to be acquired by Verizon"
"Specifically, Yahoo says it ""has never had reason to believe that there is any connection between the security issue disclosed yesterday and the claims publicized about a hacker in August 2016. Confusing the two events is inaccurate.”"
"Yahoo has declined, however, to say when it first learned of the confirmed hack (which took place in 2014), and Verizon has yet to issue any sort of re-commitment of support for the deal. In fact, AOL/Verizon's Tim Armstrong kept avoiding the issue during an interview yesterday morning on CNBC (including a direct question about price renegotiation)."
" On the docket: Khosla Ventures is suing SolarCity, claiming that Elon Musk's company stole intellectual property from a Khosla portfolio company called Cogenra Solar. Read more here. Also, VC-backed ""unicorn"" Palantir is being accused by the U.S. Labor Department of anti-Asian bias in its hiring practices. Read more"
"Coming attractions: Next Thursday (10/6) I'll be in New York City to moderate a lunch discussion about what the presidential election outcome will mean for the U.S. economy. On the Clinton ""side"" will be Ralph Schlosstein (president and CEO of Evercore Partners), while the Trump ""side"" will be represented by Peter Morici (economist and biz professor at University of Maryland)"
"It's being hosted by Edison Partners, and there are a very limited number of seats still available. If you are interested in joining us, please email Kelly Ford at kford@edisonpartners.com."
"  Recommended reading: Keith Alexander profiled Vista Equity co-founder Robert Smith in this past weekend's Washington Post, as part of coverage of the Smithsonian's new National Museum of African American History and Culture (to which Smith donated $20 million, trailing only Oprah). Read it here"
"  Quiz time: Can you name the Europe-based investor who was in Silicon Valley earlier this month, asking entrepreneurs to meet with him about possible expansion-stage deals. Not terribly unusual, except for the past where many early-stage VCs warned their portfolio companies to stay away"
" Gametime: Thanks to those who came out to Fenway yesterday, even though  Term Sheet's team was not victorious. Wait 'till next year"
" 66k  and  counting ... Every time I add another thousand Twitter followers, I ask you to join the others so we can chat/argue/snark throughout the day. Follow me @danprimack"
"Steward Health Care System, a hospital chain owned by Cerberus Capital Management, has agreed to sell its real estate interests in nine acute care hospitals to Medical Properties Trust Inc. (NYSE: MPW), for $1.2 billion"
"In addition, Medical Properties Trust will make a $50 million investment in Steward, and have the option to participate in future Steward hospital acquisitions. www.medicalpropertiestrust.com"
" Flexport, a San Francisco-based customs brokerage and freight forwarding service, has raised $65 million in Series B funding. Return backers included Founders Fund, Bloomberg Beta, Felicis Ventures, First Round Capital, Susa Ventures and Yuri Milner. New backer 8VC also participated. www.flexport.co"
" MicuRx Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Hayward, Calif.-based antibiotic drug developer, has raised $55 million in Series C funding. GP Healthcare Capital led the round, and was joined by GP TMT Capital, 3E Bioventures Capital and Delian Capital. www.micurx.co"
" Color Genomics, a Burlingame, Calif.-based personalized genomics startup, has raised $45 million in Series B funding. General Catalyst led the round, and was joined by Bono and return backers Susan Wagner, 8VC, Khosla Ventures and Emerson Collective. www.color.co"
" NS1, a New York-based provider of DNS and network traffic management solutions, has raised $20 million in Series B funding. Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by Two Sigma Ventures and return backers Flybridge Capital Partners and Sigma Prime Ventures. www.ns1.co"
" Expel Inc., a McLean, Va.-based cybersecurity startup founded by FireEye/Mandiant veterans, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Paladin Capital Group led the round, and was joined by NEA, Battery Ventures, Greycroft Partners and Lightbank"
" Site 1001 Inc., a Kansas City-based developer of “smart” building maintenance and management software, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. JE Dunn led the round, and was joined by Flyover Capital, Tifec and Ward Ventures. www.site1001.co"
" Deepgram, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based audio search startup, has raised $1.8 million in funding co-led by Metamorphic Ventures and Y Combinator. Read more"
" Qrvey, a McLean, Va.-based customer feedback platform, has raised $1.2 million in seed funding led by the Center for Innovative Technology. www.qrvey.co"
" Ofo, a Chinese bicycle-sharing platform, has raised “tens of millions of U.S. dollars” from Didi Chuxing. Read more"
" Acorn Growth Companies has acquired Raisbeck Engineering Inc., a Seattle-based maker of performance improvement systems for commercial and general aviation aircraft. No financial terms were disclosed. www.Raisbeck.co"
" Aquiline Capital Partners has launched Togetherwork, a new holding company for businesses “developing software used to manage and collect payments from groups and organizations.” The new platform will include existing portfolio company OmegaFi. www.togetherwork.co"
" BV Investment Partners has sponsored a recapitalization of Right Networks, a Hudson, N.H.-based provider of cloud solutions to accountants and small and mid-sized businesses. No financial terms were disclosed. www.rightnetworks.co"
" The Carlyle Group has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Amrod, a South African maker of promotional products and clothing. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which is expected to close later this year. www.carlyle.co"
" MBK Partners has teamed with TPG Capital and Hong Kong Broadband Networks on a bid for the telecom unit of Wharf Holdings Ltd. (HK: 4), which could be worth more than $1 billion, according to The South China Morning Post. Read more"
" Paine & Partners has agreed to acquire The Global ID Group, a Fairfield, Iowa-based provider of food safety and food quality solutions, from Inverness Graham Investments. No financial terms were disclosed. www.global-id-group.co"
" Polymer Solutions Group, a portfolio company of Arsenal Capital Partners, has acquired Alkon Solutions Ltd., a UK-based maker of anti-tack products for the rubber industry, from Stephenson Group Ltd. No financial terms were disclosed. www.arsenalcapital.co"
" Synergy Energy Holdings has agreed to acquire the artificial lift business of John Crane Group Ltd., a subsidiary of Smiths Group PLC (LSE: SMIN). No financial terms were disclosed. Synergy, which is doing the deal via its Endurance Lift Solutions unit, is owned by B29 Investments and Crestview Partners. www.crestview.co"
" Advanced Disposal Services, a Ponte Vedra, Fla.-based waste collection company, has set its IPO terms to 19.25 million shares being offered at between $18 and $21 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $1.63 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol ADSW, with Deutsche Bank serving as left lead underwriter. ADS reports a $14 million net loss on $692 million in revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include Highstar Capital (65.12% pre-IPO stake), the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (23.14%) and BTG Pactual (7.17%). www.advanceddisposal.co"
" Aritzia Inc., a Vancouver-based women's fashion retailer owned by Berkshire Partners, raised C$400 million in its IPO. The company priced 25 million shares at C$16 per share (high end of C$14-C$16 range), for an initial market cap of around C$1.87 billion. It will trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange, while CIBC, BofA Merrill Lynch and TD Securities served as underwriters. www.aritzia.co"
" Obalon Therapeutics Inc., a Carlsbad, Calif.-based developer of a balloon-based weight loss device, has set its IPO terms to five million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have a fully-diluted market cap of around $267 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol OBLN, with UBS listed as left lead underwriter. Obalon has raised over $75 million in VC funding from firms like Domain Associates (34.6% pre-IPO stake), InterWest Partners (21%), Bader Sultan & Bros. (8.8%), Opaki Venture Capital (7.7%), Axon Ventures, Mirae Asset Venture Investment, NeoPlux Co. and Striker Asia Opportunities Fund. www.obalon.co"
" Dalian Wanda is in talks to acquire a control stake in Dick Clark Productions, which puts on the Golden Globes and Miss America pageants, according to Reuters. Dick Clark Production currently is owned by Mandalay Sports Entertainment, Mosaic Media Investment Partners and Guggenheim Partners. Read more"
" New Mountain Capital is considering a sale process for Information Resources Inc., a Chicago-based market research company that could be valued north of $2.5 billion, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Rice Energy (NYSE: RICE) has agreed to acquire Vantage Energy, a Marcellus Shale driller, for around $2.7 billion (including debt). Sellers include Quantum Energy Partners, Riverstone Holdings and Lime Rock Partners. Read more"
" Diversified Search, a Philadelphia-based executive search firm, has acquired life sciences-focused search firm BioQuest for an undisclosed amount. www.diversifiedsearch.co"
" Uniqa, an Australian insurer, is planning to sell its Italian business, according to a local media report. The unit generated nearly €25 million in 2015 revenue. Read more"
 Perry Capital is shutting down its flagship hedge fund after 28 years. Read more
" Christopher Harned and Tim Fallon have joined Arbor Investments as a partner and senior operating partner, respectively. Harned previously was a managing director in the M&A group of Robert W. Baird & Co., while Fallon most recently served as CEO of Columbus Manufacturing. The firm also has promoted both Brody Lynn and Alan Weed to partner. www.arborpic.co"
 Horshav Patel has joined Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners as a vice president. He previously was with Warburg Pincus
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Before kicking things off this morning, an important publishing note: Beginning next week, Term Sheet will be sent via a new email provider. So please be sure to whitelist the following email address (or ask your IT department to do so), in order to ensure delivery: fortune@email.fortune.com"
Thanks in advance.
" New firm alert: Xiaodong Jiang has launched a new China-based venture capital firm called Long Hill Capital Venture Partners, according to a regulatory filing that also says he is raising up to $125 million for a debut fund. Jiang has spent the past 11 years as a managing director with New Enterprise Associates, having opened both is Beijing and Shanghai offices"
"No word yet on what this means for his relationship with NEA ― he remains listed on its website, alongside 13 active portfolio board seats ― although the Long Hill regulatory filing suggests that he remains based in the firm's Shanghai office."
" Corporate venturing: ServiceNow (NYSE: NOW), the $13 billion cloud software company that helps other companies automate IT operations, has launched a new corporate venture capital program. It will be led by existing ServiceNow corp dev and finance executives, with the primary goal being strategic rather than financial"
"“We’re primarily focusing on early-stage companies that are building businesses on the ServiceNow platform,” says Dominic Phillips, VP of finance and corp dev with ServiceNow, who points to Nuvolo as an example. The group also will make select growth-stage investments (e.g., MuleSoft), and is launching a ""CreatorCon"" startup challenge with $500k in investment prizes."
" Brex-in: There's an interesting Q&A up in Private Equity International (sub req) with Philippe Poletti, head of Ardian's mid-market buyout group, in which he argues that Brexit aided in his recent fundraise, because of both currency fluctuations and LP interest in backing pan-European funds over UK-focused funds"
" Cash in your chips: There has been a resolution to the contentious legal battle between the private equity owners of Caesar's Entertainment and its creditors. In short, the creditors won. More on this later today at the website, but here's the Reuters write-up"
" Quote of the Day: “For any professional investor, this is the most difficult period we’ve ever experienced,"" Joe Baratta, head of global private equity at The Blackstone Group, speaking at the WSJ/PEA Conference in New York"
" Tink Labs, a Hong Kong-based mobile device for hotel rooms, has raised $125 million in new VC funding. Foxconn led the round, and was joined by Sinovation Ventures and Cai Wensheng. Read more"
" Druva, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based provider of data protection and governance solutions for enterprise devices, has raised $51 million in Series E funding. Sequoia Capital led the round, and was joined by fellow return backers NTT Finance, Nexus Venture Partners and Tenaya Capital. Also participating were new investors EDBI, Blue Cloud Ventures and Hercules Capital. Read more"
" SentreHeart, a Redwood City, Calif.-based developer of technology for catheter-based, non-implant left atrial appendage closure, has raised $35 million in Series D funding. Deerfield Management Co. led the round, and was joined by return backers U.S. Venture Partners, Prospect Ventures, Vivo Capital and Decheng Capital. www.sentreheart.co"
" ProsperWorks, a San Francisco-based provider of CRM solutions for Google Apps, has raised $24 million in Series B funding. Next World Capital led the round, and was joined by Storm Ventures, True Ventures, Industry Ventures, Devoteam and individual angels. www.prosperworksco"
" Zenly, a French location-sharing app, has raised $22.5 million in Series B funding. Benchmark led the round, and was joined by Jerry Murdock and return backers Idinvest and Xavier Niel. www.zen.l"
" Contrast Security, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based developer of application security software, has raised $16 million in Series B funding. General Catalyst Partners led the round, and was joined by Acero Capital. www.contrastsecurity.co"
" Beckon, a San Mateo, Calif.-based omnichannel marketing intelligence platform, has raised $10 million in new VC funding. Venrock led the round, and was joined by fellow return backers August Capital, Canaan Partners, El Dorado Ventures and The Kaiser Family Foundation. www.beckon.co"
" Aqua Security, an Israel-based startup focused on securing virtual container applications, has raised $9 million in Series A funding. Microsoft Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers TLV Partners and Schlomo Kramer. www.aquasec.co"
" Bitso, a Mexican Bitcoin exchange startup focused on the underbanked in Latin America, has raised $2.5 million in new VC funding. Backers include Monex Group, Variv Capital, Xochi Ventures, Digital Currency Group, FundersClub, Bitcoin Capital and Blockchain Tech Ltd. Read more"
" Allianz is in talks about the partial or total sale of regional private bank Oldenburgische Landesbank AG, in which it owns a 90% stake, according to Reuters. Oldenburgische Landesbank has around 13 billion in assets under management, and reportedly received non-binding takeover offers from Apollo Global Management and Commerzbank. Read more"
" Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec has invested US$500 million into Sedgwick, a Memphis, Tenn.-based provider of third-party claims administration. KKR remains Sedgwick's majority shareholder, while Stone Point and company management also retain equity. www.sedgwick.co"
" DaySmart, a Wixom, Mich.-based provider of business management software for consumer-facing SMEs, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from SFW Capital Partners. www.daysmart.co"
" Fastsigns International, a Dallas, Texas-based signage company owned by Levine Leichtman Capital Partners, has agreed to acquire Roanoke, Va.-based Budget Signs LLC, for an undisclosed amount. www.fastsigns.co"
" Ratos AB has agreed to acquire Plantasjen, a Norway-based gardening supplies retailer, from Apax Partners. The deal is valued at around $356 million. www.plantasjen.n"
" Siris Capital has completed its previously-announced, take-private acquisition of Polycom Inc., a San Jose, Calif.-based maker of videoconferencing equipment, for approximately $2 billion in cash, or $12.50 per share. www.polycom.co"
" Nutanix, a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of datacenter infrastructure solutions, has increased its proposed IPO price range from $11-$13 per share to $13-$15 per share. It still plans to offer 14 million shares, and now would have an initial market cap of approximately $1.91 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. Nutanix plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol NTNX, with Goldman Sachs listed as left lead underwriter. The company has raised over $300 million in VC funding and most recently was valued at around $2 billion. Shareholders include Lightspeed Venture Partners (23% pre-IPO stake), Khosla Ventures (10.9%), Fidelity (6.1%), Blumberg Capital (5.7%), Riverwood Capital Partners (5.1%), Morgan Stanley Expansion Capital, Greenspring Associates, SAP Ventures and Battery Ventures. www.nutanix.co"
" Playa Hotels & Resorts, a Dutch owner and operator of all-inclusive resorts in Mexico and the Caribbean, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol PLYA, with BofA Merrill Lynch and Deutsche Bank serving as lead underwriters. The company is being spun out by Hyatt Hotels (NYSE: H). www.hyatt.co"
" SAP (NYSE: SAP) has acquired Altiscale, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based data management platform. No financial terms were disclosed, although various media reports suggest a sale price of around $125 million. Altiscale had raised over $40 million in VC funding from Sequoia Capital, General Catalyst, EMC Ventures, Wildcat Venture Partners and Start Smart Labs. www.altiscale.co"
" Sard Verbinnen & Co., a strategic and financial consultancy and PR firm, has acquired ARC Research, a New York-based provider of “research-based consulting.” No financial terms were disclosed. www.sardverb.co"
 SABMiller shareholders have approved the company's $103 billion takeover by rival Anheuser-Busch InBev. Read more
" Innovatus Capital Partners is being launched as a new investment firm by Andrew Dym and David Schiff, both former partners with Perella Weinberg Partners. According to the NY Times, Innovatus will focus on “providing credit to assets and businesses that have been underserved by traditional banks.” Read more"
" West Face Capital, a Toronto-based hedge fund manager, is raising a C$1.5 billion private equity fund, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Cornelia Bargmann has agreed to become president of  Chan Zuckerberg Science, part of the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative. She had been serving as a non-executive director of AstraZeneca. Read more"
 Tom Krasnewich has joined boutique investment bank BlackArch Partners as a managing director and head of diversified industrials. He previously was a managing director in the industrials group of BMO Capital Markets. www.blackarchpartners.co
" Technology Crossover Ventures has promoted both John Doran (London) and Kapil Venkatachalam (New York) to general partner. Doran joined TCV in 2012 as a principal, and currently sits on the boards of portfolio companies Perfecto and Brillen.de. Venkatachalam joined as an associate in 2006, and currently sits on the board of IQMS. www.tcv.co"
" Wynnchurch Capital has promoted Frank Hayes to co-managing partner. He has been a partner with the private equity firm since 2001, and currently serves on the boards of portfolio companies Carson Air, Gypsum Technologies, Pro-Fab Group, Senco and Texas Hydraulics. www.wynnchurch.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"No column this morning, due to an unexpected Windows update and subsequent glitch that rendered my laptop unusable for a couple hours (thankfully, I figured out a workaround by 8:30 so I could get the blurbs done). And, yes, ""Why are you using Windows?"" is an entirely valid question to ask. My only reply is a sheepish shrug."
Your regularly-scheduled ramblings will return tomorrow. Apologies..
" Spotify is in talks to acquire Berlin-based digital music company SoundCloud, according to the FT. This would be the third SoundCloud takeover attempt for Spotify, which reportedly failed on two prior efforts. SoundCloud has raised approximately $220 million in VC funding, including a recent infusion from Twitter at around a $700 million post-money valuation. Read more"
" Higher Logic, an Arlington, Va.-based provider of cloud-based community platforms, has raised $55 million in new growth equity funding from JMI Equity. www.higherlogic.co"
" Shape Security, a Mountain View, Calif.-based provider of security technology for web and mobile applications, has raised $40 million in Series D funding. Backers include EDBI, Baseline Ventures, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, NVP, Venrock, Google Ventures, Eric Schmidt and Northern Light Ventures. www.shapesecurity.co"
" Viva Republica, a South Korean maker of a mobile payment app and associated financial services, has raised $23.7 million in Series B funding. Goodwater Capital and Qualcomm Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by return backers Altos Ventures and KTB Network. www.toss.i"
" Kyriba Corp., a New York-based provider of cloud treasury management solutions, has raised $23 million in Series D funding. Bpifrance led the round, and was joined by return backers HSBC and Daher Capital. www.kyriba.co"
" ReadCoor Inc., a Boston-based developer of a panomic spatial sequencing platform, has raised $23 million in Series A funding. Decheng Capital led the round, and was joined by Lilly Asia Ventures, Vivo Capital and Hansjörg Wyss. The round helps the startup spin out from Harvard University’s Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering. www.readcoor.co"
" Kustomer, a New York-based customer relationship platform, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Canaan Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Boldstar Ventures and Social Leverage. www.kustomer.co"
" OpenSesame, a Portland, Ore.-based provider of on-demand elearning courses for the enterprise, has raised $9 million in a Series B funding. Altos Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backer Partech Ventures. www.opensesame.co"
" Folloze, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based provider of an account-based marketing sales platform, has raised $7.3 million in Series A funding. Canvas Ventures and NEA co-led the round, and were joined by Cervin Ventures. www.folloze.co"
" Lydia, a French mobile payment app for friends (i.e., Venmo for France), has raised €7 million in new VC funding from New Alpha AM and Oddo & Cie. Read more"
" BigchainDB, a Berlin-based blockchain database provider for developers and businesses, has raised €3 million in Series A funding. Backers include Earlybird Venture Capital, Anthemis Group, Digital Currency Group and Innogy SE. www.bigchaindb.co"
" Karamba Security, an Israel-based developer of cybersecurity solutions for connected and autonomous vehicles, has raised $2.5 million in new VC funding. Fontinalis Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers GlenRock and YL Ventures. www.karambasecurity.co"
" Apollo Global Management, Bain Capital, Blackstone Group and Platinum Equity have been short-listed in the auction for Moly-Cop, the grinding media unit of Australian mining company Arrium, according to The Australian. The deal could be valued at more than A$1.5 billion. Read more"
" BC Partners is in pole position to acquire Italian supermarket chain Esselunga, according to Reuters. The deal could be worth upwards of €6 billion, while Blackstone Group and CVC Capital Partners also submitted bids. Read more"
" Double E Company, a West Bridgewater, Mass.-based portfolio company of Incline Equity Partners, has acquired Appleton, a Neenah, Wis.-based provider of core cutters and related core processing and handling solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ee-co.co"
" Falfurrias Capital Partners has acquired a majority stake in Marquis Software Solutions Inc., a Plano, Texas-based provider of marketing and compliance software for mid-tier banks and credit unions. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more. www.gomarquis.co"
" Marlin Equity Partners acquired QualiTest, an Israel-based provider of software testing and business assurance solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.qualitestgroup.co"
" Roark Capital Group has acquired Great Expressions Dental Centers, as Southfield, Mich.-based dental care chain, from OMERS Private Equity. No financial terms were disclosed. www.greatexpressions.co"
" Tech Air, a Danbury, Conn.-based distributor of gases and related welding supplies, has acquired Liquid Tech (Apopka,. Fla.) and has agreed to acquire the local distribution assets of JW Goodliffe & Son Inc. (Linden, N.J.). No financial terms were disclosed for either deal. Tech Air is a portfolio company of CI Capital Partners. www.techair.co"
" Thoma Bravo has agreed to acquire T2 Systems Inc., an Indianapolis-based provider of parking management technology, from Pamlico Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.t2systems.co"
" Thoma Bravo has completed itsd previously-announced purchase of Trader   Corp ., a Canadian provider of auto dealer advertising solutions, from Apax Partners for approximately C$1.575 billion (including debt)"
" Bridgepoint is planning to float Medipole, a French private hospitals group, by year-end on the Euronext at a potential valuation of €1.5 billion, according to Reuters. Banks working on the deal reportedly include Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Societe Generale. Read more"
" Fulgent Genetics Inc., a Temple City, Calif.-based provider of genetic testing services, raised $38 million in its IPO. The company priced 4.2 million shares at $9 per share, compared to plans to offer 4.6 million shares being offered at between $12 and $14 per share. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol FLGT, while Credit Suisse and Piper Jaffray served as lead underwriters. The company reports a $5 million net loss on $7.4 million in revenue for the first six months of 2016. www.fulgentgenetics.co"
" Tabula Rasa HealthCare Inc., a Moorestown, N.J.-based provider of patient-specific medication management technology, raised $52 million in its IPO. The company priced 4.3 million shares at $12 per share (below $13-$15 range), for an initial market cap of around $186 million. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TRHC, while Wells Fargo and UBS served as lead underwriters. Tabula Rasa reports a $77,000 net loss on $42.6 million in revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include Originate Ventures (18% pre-IPO stake), Radius Ventures (11.5%) and Emerald Stage2 Ventures (6.2%). www.tabularasahealtcare.co"
" TI Fluid Systems, a UK-based brake fluid and fuel line maker owned by Bain Capital, plans to raise around €600 million via an IPO on the London Stock Exchange. Read more"
" D'Ieteren, a Belgian luxury car importer, has agreed to acquire Italian notebook maker Moleskine (BIT: MSK) for around $572 million. The deal includes an initial purchase of a 41% stake from Moleskine shareholders Syntegra Capital and Index Ventures, and then a mandatory offer for the remaining shares (at a 12% premium). Read more"
" Napier Park Financial Partners has agreed to sell Jefferson National, a Louisville, Ky.-based distributor of tax-advantaged investing solutions, to Nationwide Mutual Insurance Co. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Cengage, a Boston-based education technology company, has acquired WebAssign, a Raleigh, N.C.-based provider of digital learning solutions for higher education. No financial terms were disclosed. www.webassign.ne"
 Amino Capital (f.k.a. zPark Ventures) has closed its second early-stage VC fund with $50 million in capital commitments. The firm also has added former Google executive Huican Zhu as a general partner. www.aminocapital.co
" KKR is planning to raise between $650 million and $800 million for its first dedicated healthcare fund, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Mayfair Equity Partners, a UK-based buyout and growth equity firm focused on the tech and consumer sectors, has closed its debut fund with £400 million in capital commitments. Triago served as placement agent. www.mayfairequity.co"
" Owl Ventures, a San Francisco-based early-stage VC firm, is raising upwards of $175 million for its second fund, according to an SEC filing. www.owlvc.co"
 Monica Arora has joined Proskauer as a New York-based partner in the law firm’s private investment funds group. She previously was with White & Case. www.proskauer.co
 Carlton Byrd has joined Actis as a New York-based director of fundraising and investor relations. He previously was a managing director with Commonfund. www.act.i
 Brad Eden has joined Dallas-based Highland Capital Management as global head of marketing and investor relations. He previously was with Fund Evaluation Group. www.highlandcapital.co
 Erica Frontiero has joined The Carlyle Group as a managing director and head of capital markets for private credit. She previously was with Antares Capital. www.carlyle.co
 Robert Tribuiani has joined valuation firm Murray Devine as a managing director and head of business development. He previously spent 10 years at SolomonEdwards. www.murraydevine.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"It's been around a decade since I began writing about carried interest taxation, I've regularly noted that no prominent venture capital or private equity investor has said he or she would walk away were the tax treatment to change from capital gains to ordinary income. Just as none walked away when capital gains rates were increased a few years ago. But now, it seems, that note needs revision."
"Keith Rabois, a longtime Silicon Valley tech exec (PayPal, LinkedIn, Square) who joined Khosla Ventures in 2013, says that he's out of the venture capital game if such a reclassification occurs. Or, more specifically, he's done being a general partner at a venture capital firm where he's helping to invest other people's money."
"Rabois, who first expressed this sentiment in a tweet, tells me that he would have no financial incentive to remain a general partner in a VC fund, when he instead could invest as an angel and/or serve as an advisor to startups in exchange for equity (i.e., maintaining the long-term capital gains tax treatment). He acknowledges that not all VCs would have the same flexibility nor opportunities, but insists that this would be his path."
"That said, Rabois does not believe such a tax change actually will occur (at least for venture capital), despite such promises from both major party presidential candidates (Trump even name-checked carried interest during Monday night's debate)."
So that's one. Anyone else want to add their names to the list?
" Update: Earlier this week we reported that Xiaodong  Jiang, a longtime managing director in China for venture firm NEA, was launching a new firm called Long Hill Capital Partners. NEA subsequently emailed to say that it plans to ""maintain or even increase"" its level of China investing, but that it believes ""the best way to expand and scale our presence is through a combination of direct investments and co-investments in partnership with local independent teams."
"Long Hill will be one of those teams, with NEA already having subscribed to invest in its debut fund, which is targeting $125 million."
" From the filings: Gemspring Capital is targeting $300 million for its debut fund, according to a regulatory filing. This is the private equity firm founded late last year by former H.I.G. Capital managing director Bret Wiener, to focus on lower middle-market buyouts"
" And now for something a little different: A bank heist comedy called Masterminds opens in theaters today, starring such folks as Zach Galifianakas and Kristen Wiig. It's based on a screwy real-life story, but the background tale of the movie's oft-delayed release is just as strange. It involves corporate bankruptcy, allegations of financial self-dealing and Donald Trump's likely choice for Treasury Secretary (plus a longtime Clinton pal to boot). Here you go"
" Feedback: I got a lot of emails about the up-round vs. down-round debate, based on the Skyhigh Networks funding. Sufficed to say we don't have broad consensus. Hopefully we'll get to a mailbag early next week"
 Have a great weekend. Go Pats
 Qualcomm (Nasdaq: QCOM) reportedly is in talks to acquire NXP Semiconductor (Nasdaq: NXPI) in a deal that could be valued at around $30 billion. Read more
" Home Chef, a Chicago-based meal kit delivery service, has raised $40 million in Series B funding led by L Catterton. www.homechef.co"
" Remitly, a Seattle-based mobile remittance company, has raised $38 million in new equity and debt financing from IFC and Silicon Valley Bank. Read more"
" SQZ Biotech, a Boston-based developer of immunotherapies for cancer and other diseases, has raised $16 million in Series B funding co-led by NanoDimension and Polaris Partners. www.sqzbiotech.co"
" Depop, a UK-based social shopping platform, has raised $8.25 million in new VC funding from Balderton Capital, Holtzbrinck Ventures, Creandum, Red Circle Investments and Lumar. www.depop.co"
" Aura Biosciences, a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of therapies to target and selectively destroy cancer cells using viral nanoparticle conjugate, has raised $8 million in new VC funding. Backers include Henri Termeer, Advent Partners, Chiesi Ventures, Ysios Capital Alexandria Venture Investments. www.aurabiosciences.co"
" Codefresh, a lifecycle management platform for Docker and other containers, has raised $7 million in new VC funding. Carmel Ventures led the round, and was joined by Hillsven Capital, Streamlined Ventures and UpWest Labs. The company has offices in Israel and Silicon Valley. www.codefresh.i"
" Simpplr, a San Francisco-based provider of employee community and help desk products, has raised $6 million in Series A funding. Norwest Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Salesforce Ventures. www.simpplr.co"
" Avast Software, a Prague-based security software company backed by CVC Capital Partners and Summit Partners, has completed its previously-announced acquisition of AVG Technologies NV, a Dutch provider of device security software. The deal was valued at approximately $1.3 billion in cash, or $25 per share. Read more"
" GIC, a Singapore sovereign wealth fund, has acquired a portfolio of UK student accommodations from Oaktree Capital Management, at a reported purchase price of around £700 million. Read more"
" MBK Partners is in talks to acquire Japanese sushi chain Sushiro Global Holdings from Permira, according to the WSJ. The deal could be valued at around $1.5 billion. Read more"
" RGI, an Italian portfolio company of Ardian, has acquired Kapia Solutions SAS, a French provider of software solutions to the life insurance market. No financial terms were disclosed. www.rgigroup.co"
" Nutanix, a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of datacenter infrastructure solutions, raised $238 million in its IPO. The company priced 14.9 million shares at $16 per share, compared to plans to sell 14 million shares at an upwardly-revised price range of $13-$15 per share. It has an initial market cap of approximately $2.18 billion.  Nutanix will  trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol NTNX, while Goldman Sachs was listed as left lead underwriter. The company has raised over $300 million in VC funding and most recently was valued at around $2 billion. Shareholders include Lightspeed Venture Partners (23% pre-IPO stake), Khosla Ventures (10.9%), Fidelity (6.1%), Blumberg Capital (5.7%), Riverwood Capital Partners (5.1%), Morgan Stanley Expansion Capital, Greenspring Associates, SAP Ventures and Battery Ventures.www. nutanix .co"
" Quantenna Communications Inc., a Fremont, Calif.-based provider of Wi-Fi video networking for whole-home entertainment, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade ticker symbol QTNA, with Morgan Stanley, Barclays and Deutsche Bank serving as lead underwriters. The company reports a $1.95 million net loss on around $57.5 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to a $7.4 million net loss on $36.6 million in revenue for the year earlier period. The company has raised around $166 million in VC funding from firms like Sequoia Capital (24.73% pre-IPO stake), Rusano (10.39%), Venrock (10.22%), Sigma Partners (9.41%), Southern Cross Venture Partners (8.88%), DAG Ventures (8.32%), Centerview Capital Technology, Vivint and NTT Group. www.quantennaco"
No exit news this morning
" CafeMedia, a New York-based digital media platform for women, has acquired AdThrive, a digital publishing and ad monetization network. No financial terms were disclosed. CafeMedia shareholders include Abry Partners, Highland Capital Partners and Draper Fisher Jurvetson. www.cafemedia.co"
" CMS, Olswang and Nabarro – all London law firms – reportedly are considering a merger that just generate nearly $1.3 billion in annual revenue. Read more"
" IBM (NYSE: IBM) has agreed to acquire Promontory Financial Group, a Washington, D.C.-based risk management and regulatory compliance consulting firm. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Veresen Inc. (TSX: VSN) has hired TD Bank to find a buyer for its power business, which could be worth around C$1 billion, according to Reuters. "
" Cadwalader Wickersham & Taft plans to close its Hong Kong and Beijing offices, which will result in the layoff of 25 attorneys. Read more"
" LDV Capital, a New York-based seed investment firm, is raising $15 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.ldv.c"
" Mesh Ventures, a Taiwan-based early-stage VC firm, is raising upwards of $30 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.mesh.v"
" Varsity Healthcare Partners is raising upwards of $250 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.varsityhealthcarepartners.co"
" Emergence Capital, a venture firm focused on the enterprise cloud space, has promoted Joe Floyd to partner and Jake Saper to principal. It also has hired Kara Egan (ex-Stitch Labs) as a senior associate. www.emcapco"
" Alan Greenspan, former chairman of the Federal Reserve, has joined Advisors Capital Management as an economic advisor. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The sun is shining, Tom Brady is returning and we're less than 48 hours away from the least-anticipated VP debate in recent memory. In other words, it's time for some Monday Mouth-Off."
"Leading us off were some thoughts on the up-round vs. down-round discussion, based on Skyhigh Networks raising new venture capital at a higher valuation (pre-money of new round>post-money of last round), but at a lower per-share value (due to an increased option pool). For the record, I wrote that it should be considered an up-round. Also for the record, almost all emailers disagreed."
"Cindy: ""Spin spin spin. Yes, it is a down round because options should be factored into pre-money valuation."""
"Mike: ""They grew market cap which is a goal, but they did not increase value for existing shareholders. If value for shareholders goes down, I feel that should be called a down round."""
"Steve: ""If per share price is lower than prior round, it technically is a down round. The carried interest of an investor not participating in the current round would be lower than the prior round. The pre-money of the current financing would be lower than the post money of the prior round after adding in the expanded options."""
"A.S. takes on my stock split analogy: ""From the perspective of an (existing) shareholder, a share split is a non-event to their value. In a 2:1 split for example, the shareholder owns double the shares for half the price and still owns the exact same fraction of the company. In an up-round the value of a smaller fraction is higher. From the perspective of an (existing) shareholder, the shares of SkyHigh were sold for a lower price. Hence the value of the (smaller) fraction is lower – the definition of a down round."""
"Adit: ""Let’s talk pizza. Take a large pizza cut into 4 slices and an extra-large pizza cut into 8 slices. Say you can only take one slice from either pizza – which slice would have most calories? That depends on how much bigger the extra-large is relative to the large pizza, right? In other words, for you to choose the extra-large pizza slice, the large pizza should have grown enough for you to justify cutting each existing slice in half. Bringing the analogy back home, for an existing investor’s stake to have increased in value (i.e. “up round”), the SkyHigh valuation should have grown enough for an investors to justify a X% dilution as a result of the increased option pool. As the Series D Preferred Stock Original Issue Price was lower than the Series C Preferred Stock Conversion Price, the 'growth' in valuation simply wasn’t enough to increase shareholder wealth."""
"Not too much inbox sympathy for Khosla Ventures partner Keith Rabois, who said he'd leave institutional VC were carried interest to be treated as ordinary income for tax purposes: Jack sums up most replies: ""Rabois forgets that one of the ways he gets rich is what Buffett called OPM – Other People’s Money. He gets carry on a fund which is largely funded by LPs. This is implicit leverage to his carry. If he goes out on his own – no OPM and no leverage, and the gross capital gains available to him are significantly smaller."
"Will adds: ""The money is still going to get invested. LPs want venture capital returns and they will find GPs who will manage their money to give them that. This would just open up partner slots for younger, up-and-coming VCs."""
"  James: If Verizon doesn't use the Yahoo hack as a way to significantly renegotiate the purchase price (down), its shareholders should sue for breach of fiduciary duty."
"  Mark: Now that you're carving out a niche exposing scam artists, can you do something about Rachel at Cardholder Services?"
"ZTO Express Inc., a Chinese express package delivery company, has filed for a $1.5 billion IPO. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol ZTO, with Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs (Asia) serving as lead underwriters. The company reports $115 million of net income on $639 million of revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include Sequoia Capital and Warburg Pincus. www.zto.c"
" MobiBike, a Chinese bicycle-sharing company, reportedly has raised $100 million in new VC funding. Hillhouse Capital and Warburg Pincus co-led the round, and were joined by Sequoia Capital and Qiming Venture Partners. Read more"
" Carrick Therapeutics Ltd., an oncology startup being spun out of the University of Cambridge, has raised $95 million in new VC funding. ARCH Venture Partners and Woodford Investment Management co-led the round, and were joined by Cambridge Innovation Capital, Evotec AG, Google Ventures and Lightstone Ventures"
" Recursion Pharmaceuticals, a Salt Lake City-based drug discovery company focused on rare genetic diseases, has raised $12.9 million in Series A funding. Lux Capital led the round, and was joined by Obvious Ventures, Epic Ventures, Data Collective,AME Cloud Ventures and Wild Basin Investments. www.recursionpharma.co"
" Simplus, a Salt Lake City-based provider of Salesforce quote-to-cash implementations, has raised $7 million in Series A funding. Epic Ventures led the round, and was joined by Salesforce Ventures. www.simplus.co"
" Payzer, a Charlotte, N.C.-based maker of a mobile and cloud-based financial tool for specialty trade contractors, has raised $4.25 million in Series B funding from Route 66 Ventures, Grotech Ventures and IDEA Fund Partners. www.payzer.co"
" CarForce, a SaaS solution that provides car dealerships with real-time connected car telematics, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Digitech, Seed Sumo and Jason Calacanis. www.thecarforce.co"
" Apax Partners, BC Partners and The Carlyle Group have been short-listed to acquire 19 mental healthcare hospitals owned by Priory, a unit of Acadia Healthcare (Nasdaq: ACHC), according to the FT. The deal could be valued at between £250 million to £300 million. Read more"
" Apollo Global Management is in talks to acquire the Lumileds lighting parts unit of Royal Philips NV, according to Bloomberg. Royal Philips had scrapped earlier plans to sell the unit for around $2.8 billion to Chinese private equity firm GO Scale Capital, due to U.S. regulatory concerns. Read more"
" ATC Group Services, a Lafayette, La.-based portfolio company of Bernhard Capital Partners, has agreed to acquire Environmental Compliance Services, an Agawam, Mass.-based provider of environmental consulting, site remediation and regulatory compliance services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ecsconsult.co"
" Charterhouse has agreed to acquire Sagemcom, a French maker of connected terminals and related software in the communication, entertainment and utility sectors, from The Carlyle Group. No financial terms were disclosed. www.sagemcom.co"
" DTI, a legal process outsourcing owned by OMERS Private Equity and Harvest Partners, has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Epiq, a Kansas City-based provider of technology and services for the legal profession. The take-private deal was valued at around $1 billion (including assumed debt), or $16.50 per share. www.epiqsystems.co"
" Gary Comer Inc. and Safety Net Connect have partnered on the acquisition of vCareConnect, a Chicago-based healthcare coordination platform. No financial terms were disclosed. www.vcareconnect.co"
" Goldman Sachs has teamed with Bass Pro Shops and Capital One Financial Corp. to bid on U.S. outdoor gear retailer Cabela's (NYSE: CAB), according to Reuters. The deal could be worth more than $4 billion. A rival offer has come from Sycamore Partners and Synchrony Financial, but the Goldman-led deal reportedly has pole position. Read more"
" Industrial Growth Partners has acquired SPL, a Houston-based provider of outsourced hydrocarbon measurement, analysis and reporting services for oil and gas production and transport. No financial terms were disclosed. www.spl-inc.co"
" KKR and Varde Partners have teamed up on a non-binding offer for the non-performing loans platform of Italian lender Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena SpA, according to Bloomberg. Cerved Credit Management also has submitted a bid. Read more"
" Linden Capital Partners has acquired MeriCal Inc., an Orange, Calif.-based maker of nutritional supplements. No financial terms were disclosed. www.merical.co"
" Ultimate Performance, a Hong Kong-based personal training gym chain, has raised $10 million in private equity funding from Cassia Investments. www.upfitness.com.h"
" Seven companies are expected to price IPOs on U.S. exchanges this week, including Camping World, Coupa Software and Advanced Disposal Services. Read more"
"  BlackLine Systems, a Woodland Hills, Calif.-based accounting software companyhas filed for a $100 million IPO. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol BL, with Goldman Sachs serving as lead underwriter. It reports around a $17 million net loss on $56 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to an $11 million net loss on $37 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Shareholders include Silver Lake (47% pre-IPO stake) and ICONIQ (23.1%). www.blackline.co"
"  Carbon Black has confidentially filed for an IPO, according to the WSJ. Carbon Black has raised over $180 million in VC funding funding (most recently at a valuation of around $600 million) from firms like Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, .406 Ventures, Highland Capital Partners and The Blackstone Group. Earlier this year it also acquired VC-backed Confer. Read more"
"  ConvaTec Ltd., a British maker of wound and ostomy care products, said that it plans to raise around $1.8 billion in its London IPO. The company currently is owned by Avista Capital Partners, Nordic Capital and company management. Read more"
"  Myovant Sciences Inc., a drug company focused on women’s health diseases and other endocrine-related disorders, has filed for a $172.5 million IPO. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol MYOV, with Citigroup listed as left lead underwriter. Shareholders in the pre-revenue company include Roviant Sciences (85.4% pre-IPO stake) and Takeda Pharma (12%). www.myovant.co"
"  Ra Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Cambridge, Mass.-based drug discovery company focused on diseases caused by excessive or uncontrolled activation of the complement system, has filed for an $86.25 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol RARX, with Credit Suisse listed as left lead underwriter. The company has raised around $85 million in VC funding from firms like NEA, Canvas Ventures, Novartis Bioventures, Novo AS and Lightstone Ventures. www.rapharma.co"
" Clariant Corp., a unit of Clariant AG ( SWX: CLN), has acquired Kel-Tech Inc., a Midland, Texas-based provider of specialty chemicals for onshore production, field stimulation, and drilling applications, from Arsenal Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.keltechinc.co"
" Diamondback Energy Inc. (Nasdaq: FANG) is nearing a $2.5 billion agreement to acquire Silver Hill Energy Partners, a Dallas-based oil and gas company focused on the Permian Basin, according to Dow Jones. Silver Hill shareholders include Kayne Anderson and Ridgemont Equity Partners. Read more"
" Constellation Brands (NYSE: STZ) is seeking a buyer for its Canadian wine business, according to the WSJ. The deal could be worth more than $1 billion, with Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan among those that have already made offers. Read more"
" Janus Capital (NYSE: JNS) and Henderson Global Investors have agreed to a $6 billion all-stock merger, creating an investment firm that would manage around $320 billion in assets. Read more"
 African Capital Alliance has closed its fourth West Africa-focused private equity fund with $570 million in capital commitments. www.acagp.co
" Arab Angel Fund, a Virginia-based VC firm focused on startups seeking to enter the MENA region, is raising up to $25 million for its debut fund, according to an SEC filing. It already has secured $10 million. www.arabangel.co"
 EMK Capital has been launched as a UK-based mid-market private equity firm by Edmund Lazarus (ex-Bregal Capital) and Mark Joseph (ex-Oakley Capital). Read more
" SVG Capital, the UK-listed private equity firm whose board is recommending the rejection of a takeover offer from HarbourVest Partners, confirmed that it is in talks with a consortium that includes Goldman Sachs and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board. www.svgcapital.co"
" Canaan Partners has promoted Brendan Dickinson (tech) and Julie Papanek (healthcare) to partner, and Colleen Cuffaro (healthcare) and Michael Gilroy (tech) to principal. www.canaan.co"
 Shaun Lascelles  has joined Vinson & Elkins LLP as a London-based partner in the law firm’s private equity practice. He previously was with Ashurst. www.velaw.co
" Scott Lee has joined BelHealth Investment Partners as a managing director. He previously was a principal with HealthEdge Investment Partners, where his portfolio companies included Woodbury Health Products, Infinity Homecare and MNG Laboratories. www.bellhealth.co"
" Preeti Rathi has joined Ignition Partners as a principal in the Bellevue, Wash.-based VC firm’s new Los Altos, Calif. Office. She previously was a principal with Opus Capital. www.ignitionpartners.c"
 Joseph Velli has joined private equity firm Lovell Minnick Partners as a senior advisor. He previously was chairman and CEO of Convergex Group. www.lovellminnick.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from New York City, where I'm in town for a few days of meetings and random events. Some quick notes to kick off your Tuesday..."
"  Deal data: Global M&A totaled $2.4 trillion over the first nine months of 2016, marking a 22% dip from the same period in 2015, according to Thomson Reuters. Included in this was a 32% decrease in U.S. deal-making activity, and a 27.62% decline in private equity-backed deals"
"The only bright spot was that the negative trendline decelerated slightly in Q3. Global M&A and private equity deals both were down from Q2, but off ""only"" 20.1% and 26% from Q3 2015."
"Actually, that's not quite true. Another positive arguably was for bankers, who have seen M&A fees fall just 7% in 2016, despite the aforementioned 22% deal decrease. Apparently Wall Street not only can decouple itself from Main Street, but also from Wall Street..."
"  Personnel scoop: Scott Jacobson has quietly stepped down as a private equity portfolio manager with the California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS), in order to lead private investments for Lockheed Martin Investment Management Co. (the $30+ billion) employee pension system of Lockheed Martin). He had joined CalPERS in 2010, and most recently led the group responsible for underwriting new investments"
"  Political point: As a quick follow-up to our recent carried interest conversation... Yes, both major presidential candidates are promising to change the tax treatment of carried interest. But it's worth remembering that Barack Obama promised to do the same, and he didn't pull it off after eight years in office. My basic point is that Paul Ryan's feelings on this arguably will have more impact than those of either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump"
"  Video flashback: One of today's private equity deals is that PE-backed ThreeSixty Group is buying the iconic FAO Schwarz brand assets from PE-backed Toys ""R"" Us"
"I interviewed Toys ""R"" Us CEO Dave Brandon (ex-Domino's CEO, ex-AD at U Mich) during Fortune Brainstorm Tech over the summer, and you can watch the full interview by going here."
  Both things can be true: We seem to be learning two things about the anemic 2016 IPO market (just 74 U.S. listings so far)
"First, VC-backed tech issues (e.g., Nutanix, Twilio, etc.). have actually performed pretty well, which would seem to put the lie to unicorn CEOs who say they can't go public due to uncertain market conditions. Overall, however, IPO aftermarket performance has been pretty lousy. Renaissance Capital's float-weighted index of U.S. IPO performance shows just a 1.1% return so far this year, which comes in well below the 5.7% return from the S&P 500."
"Salesforce (NYSE: CRM) has agreed to acquire Krux, a San Francisco-based platform for tracking digital signatures across devices, for upwards of $700 million in cash ($340m) and stock. Krux had raised over $48 million in VC funding (most recently at a $136 million post-money valuation in 2014), from firms like Accel Partners, IDG Ventures, Sapphire Ventures, Temasek, Time Warner Investments and Visionairre Ventures. Read more"
"Apttus, a San Mateo, Calif.-based provider of quote-to-cash solutions, has raised $88 million in Series D funding. GII led the round, and was joined by K1, ICONIQ Capital and KIA"
" GoEuro, a Berlin-based travel platform for trains, buses and flights across Europe, has raised $70 million in new equity funding co-led by Silver Lake Kraftwerk and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. www.goeuro.co"
" Rover.com, a Seattle-based network of pet sitters and dog walkers, has raised $40 million in Series E funding. Foundry Group and Menlo Ventures were joined by fellow return backer Madrona Venture Group. www.rover.co"
" Social Tables, a Washington, D.C.-based provider of web-based SaaS solutions for hospitality professionals, has raised $13 million in Series B funding. QuestMark Partners led the round, and was joined by return backers Bessemer Venture Partners, Thayer Capital, Fortify Ventures and Middleland Capital. www.socialtables.co"
" Eatigo, a discount restaurant booking service for Southeast Asia, has raised $10 million in equity funding from TripAdvisor (Nasdaq: TRIP). Read more"
" Grana, a Hong Kong-based online fashion retailer, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Alibaba led the round, and was joined by return backers Golden Gate Ventures and MindWorks Ventures. Read more"
" Restless Bandit, an automated resume sorting startup, has raised $8 million in Series A funding from GGV Capital and Toba Capital. Read more"
" Source(d), a Spanish startup that leverages AI for matching developers with jobs, has raised $6 million in Series A funding from firms like Otium Venture and Sunstone Capital. Read more"
" Anchore, a software container security startup, has raised $5 million in seed funding, according to Fortune. Backers include Doug Carlisle (Menlo Ventures) and Andreas von Blottnitz (ex-Citrix). Read more"
" Tannico, a Milan-based wine retailer, has raised €3.8 million in Series A funding led by Italian venture firm P101. Read more"
" Roomex, a Dublin, Ireland-based hotel booking platform for business travelers, has raised €3.5 million in Series A funding led by Frontline Ventures. www.roomex.co"
" Slice Labs Inc., a New York-based on-demand insurance platform for the on-demand market, has raised an undisclosed amount of new funding from Munich Re / HSB Ventures. The company previously announced $3.9 million in seed funding co-led by Horizons Ventures and XL Innovate. www.slice.i"
" Stripe, a San Francisco-based online payments platform that has raised nearly $300 million in venture capital, has secured an undisclosed amount of new funding from Sumitomo Mitsui Card Co. www.stripe.co"
" Airxcel Inc., a Wichita, Kan.-based portfolio company of One Rock Capital Partners, has acquired Dicor Corp., an Elkhart, Ind.-based maker of specialty parts and accessories for the recreational vehicle aftermarket and OEM sectors. No financial terms were disclosed. www.airxcel.co"
" Apax Partners has acquired a 50.1% stake in the global respiratory solutions business of Becton, Dickinson & Co. (NYSE: BDX), which has estimated annual revenue north of $800 million. The deal will result in the launch of a new company called Vyaire Medical. www.vyaire.co"
" Aptos Inc., a Canada-based provider of retail technology solutions, has acquired BT Expedite, the exclusive reseller of Aptos solutions in Europe. No financial terms were disclosed. Aptos is a portfolio company of Apax Partners. www.aptos.co"
" Baring Asia has acquired Cath Kidston, a British fashion label, from TA Associates. No financial terms were disclosed. Baring Asia previously acquired a majority stake in Cath Kidston in 2014 from TA, which paid around £100 million for the company in 2010. Read more"
" Dos Rios Partners has sponsored a recapitalization of PRO EM Party & Event Rentals, a Phoenix-based event management and rental company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.proem.or"
" MBK Partners and TPG Capital have agreed to acquire the telecom unit of Wharf Holdings Ltd. (HK: 4) for around $1.22 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Naspers Ltd. is expected to receive two private equity bids for Polish online auction site Allegro, which could be worth around $3 billion (including debt), according to Bloomberg. One group is comprised of CVC Capital Partners and General Atlantic, while another includes Cinven, Permira and Mid Europa Partners. Read more"
" Winchester Electronics Corp., a Norwalk, Conn.-based portfolio company of Snow Phipps Group, has acquired Tekna Seal LLC, a Minneapolis-based maker of hermetic connectors for the medical, military and aerospace end markets, from ARC Group Worldwide (Nasdaq: ARCW). No financial terms were disclosed. www.winchesterelectronics.co"
" Toys 'R' Us, a toy retailer owned by Bain Capital and KKR, has sold the assets of its FAO Schwarz brand to ThreeSixty Group, a portfolio company of AEA Investors, according to Fortune. Read more"
" True Capital has agreed to acquire a majority stake in The Cotswold Co., a UK-based online furniture retailer, from Blackbird Retail Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cotswoldco.co"
" Azure Power Global, an India-based solar power company, has cut the number of shares being offered in its IPO from 6.8 million to 3.4 million, but maintaining its $21-$23 price range. The company also has agreed to a private placement that will see it sell $75 million shares to Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec at the lesser of $22 per share or the IPO price. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol AZRE, with Barclays serving as lead underwriter. Shareholders include Helion Venture Partners and International Finance Corp. www.azurepower.co"
"  Baroque Japan, a Japanese women’s apparel retailer owned by CDH Investments and Chinese women’s show retailer Belle International, is planning to raise around $307 million via an IPO in Tokyo. Read more"
" Mammoth Energy Services Inc., an Oklahoma City-based oilfield services company, has set its IPO terms to 7.75 million shares being offered at between $15 and $18 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $619 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol TUSK, with Credit Suisse serving as left lead underwriter. The company is a subsidiary of Mammoth Energy Partners LP, and reports a $29.5 million net loss on around $47 million in revenue for the first six months of 2016. www.mammothenergypartners.co"
"  Samsung Biologics, a South Korean contract manufacturer for pharma companies, could raise up to $2 billion in its IPO. Read more"
" AEA Investors is seeking a buyer for Niacet, a Niagra Falls, N.Y.-based supplier of chemicals for the food and drug industries, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be valued at more than $350 million. Read more"
" Criteo (Nasdaq: CRTO) has agreed to acquire HookLogic, a New York-based advertising exchange for brands. No financial terms were disclosed. HookLogic has raised nearly $40 million in VC funding from firms like LUMA Capital Partners, Bain Capital Ventures, Mousse Partners, Fung Capital USA and Intel Capital. www.criteo.co"
" The Halifax Group has sold Golden State Overnight, a provider of overnight delivery services in California, Nevada, Arizona, and New Mexico, to General Logistics Systems, a unit of Royal Mail PLC. The deal was done at a $90 million enterprise value. www.gso.co"
" Shore Capital Partners has sold ClearPath Diagnostics, a Syracuse, N.Y.-based provider of lab diagnostic services, to LabCorp (NYSE: LH). No financial terms were disclosed. www.clearpathdiagnostics.co"
" Summit Partners has agreed to sell Grand Design Recreational Vehicle Co., a Middlebury, Ind.-based maker of RVs, to Winnebago Industries Inc. (NYSE: WGO), for approximately $500 million in cash and stock. www.granddesignrv.co"
" Concordia International Corp. (TSX: CXR), a Canadian drugmaker, is “discussing alternatives to a leveraged buyout that include divesting a minority stake to a private equity firm,” according to Reuters. Read more"
 LVMH has agreed to acquire an 80% stake in German luggage maker Rimowa for €640 million euros. Read more
" 500 Durians, the Southeast Asia-focused affiliate of seed investment firm 500 Startups, has raised $50 million for its latest fund. Read more"
" The Riverside Company has closed its first growth lending fund, Riverside Acceleration Capital, with $50 million in capital commitments. www.riversidecompany.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Repeat greetings from New York City, where this morning we are using a different email provider and have a slightly different look (hopefully it will improve mobile rendering). If our changes have created any new problems, please be sure to let me know. Now some notes..."
"  New firm alert: Bob Knibb and Jesse Liu have stepped down as partners with Arlington Capital Partners, in order to launch a new Washington, D.C-based private equity firm focused on lower middle-market companies in the tech, aerospace/defense and industrial/advanced manufacturing sectors"
"It’s being called Washington Capital Partners, and also includes Hagen Saville, co-founder and former CEO of MCG Capital. Knibb had co-founded Arlington Capital Partners back in 1999, while Liu had been there since 2003."
" Another new firm alert: Andrew Ward is quietly launching a new energy sector-focused private equity firm, after nearly 15 years as a partner with Riverstone Holdings (where he was on the management and investment committees). His deals at Riverstone included Gibson Energy, HES International, Kinder Morgan, Magellan, Mistral Energy, Niska Gas Storage, PVR Partners and USA Compression"
"  Metamorphosis: Metamorphic Ventures has a new name and a new fund. The New York-based seed investment firm today is rebranding as Compound, which it believes is a better reflection of its investment strategy evolution from B2B mobile transformation startups (i.e., the intersection of digital media and digital commerce) to one that also encompasses such developments as cloud computing and consumer-facing mobile developments"
"It also is announcing a $50 million third fund, and the addition of Dan Zigmond (director of analytics at Facebook) as a board partner. This is a bit smaller than the $70 million raised for Fund II, but Compound co-founder David Hirsch says that's because the firm strayed a bit from its seed-stage knitting last time around (going more ""full stack early-stage) and is pulling back. He also mentions that there has been a definite decrease in seed-stage valuations over the past year, save for startups led by serial entrepreneurs with demonstrable wins on their resumes."
" Twitter talk . Lots of speculation this week about Twitter soliciting takeover bids, from possible suitors like Disney, Google and Salesforce (the latter of which actually makes more sense than it might seem at first blush). Presumably a sale would mean the exit of Jack Dorsey, at least as CEO, which means he could focus full-time on his other CEO gig at Square. But so far this week, Square shareholders don't seem to care one way or another. It opened at $11.58 per share on Monday, and closed trading yesterday at $11.64 per share"
"As an aside, Jim Cramer mentioned on CNBC this morning that some folks in Silicon Valley are now comparing Twitter to MySpace, which obviously is not meant as a compliment. But I just don't see it. MySpace had lots of contemporary rivals (Facebook, Friendster, Bebo, etc.), at least one of which did the job much better. Twitter rivals (including product offerings from Google and Facebook) basically fell by the wayside, and there don't seem to be any startups taking direct aim. Perhaps this lack of direct competition has become problematic for Twitter (i.e., less urgency to innovate), but that doesn't make it MySpace 2.0."
"  Aftermarket: Yesterday we mentioned a Renaissance Capital stat about how aftermarket performance of U.S. IPOs have under-performed the S&P 500 in 2016. This prompted an important contextual follow-up from Renaissance's Kathy Smith: ""It is true that going back to January 1 it has lagged the S&P.  That is because returns were so poor in January/mid-February and thus the IPO window was closed for issuance. Since mid-February to date, the IPO ETF has been outperforming significantly. This explains why the IPO window began opening up in the 2Q and 3Q this year."
" Bain Capital and The Blackstone Group are in talks to acquire Team Health Holdings (NYSE: TMH), a Knoxville, Tenn.-based provider of outsourced healthcare professional staffing and administrative services to hospitals and other healthcare providers, according to the WSJ. Team Health shares jumped on the report, giving it a market cap of around $2.8 billion. Read more"
" Clearpath Robotics, a Canadian developer of unmanned vehicles for industrial applications, has raised $30 million in new VC funding. iNovia Capital led the round, and was joined by Caterpillar Ventures, GE Ventures, Eclipse Ventures, RRE Ventures, and Silicon Valley Bank. Read more"
" Enable Injections Inc., a Cincinnati-based developer of wearable large volume injectors for subcutaneous delivery of biologics and high-volume drugs, has raised $30 million in Series A funding led by ORI Healthcare Fund. www.enableinjections.co"
"  DiCentral Corp., a Houston-based provider of B2B integration and supply chain management solutions, has raised $15 million in Series A funding led by Kayne Partners. www.dicentral.co"
"  Moxe Health, a Madison, Wis.-based platform for “bi-directional flow of information between healthcare payers and providers,” has raised $5.5 million in Series A funding led by Safeguard Scientifics. www.moxehealth.co"
"  Wine n Dine, a New York-based “food-centric social discovery app” for restaurants and dishes, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding from Jordache Ventures, The Chetrit Group and Melo7 Tech Partners. www.winendine.co"
"  VRChat, a San Francisco-based social VR platform, has raised $1.2 million in seed funding from HTC, Rothenberg Ventures, GREE VR Capital and Brightstone Venture Capital. www.vrchat.ne"
" BlackRock and TPG Capital are among those showing early interest in acquiring a 49% stake in state-owned SriLankan Airlines Ltd., according to Reuters. Read more"
"  The Carlyle Group has acquired Cupa Group, a Spain-based maker of slate and stone products for roofing and other applications. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Abanca. www.carlyle.co"
"  Episerver, an Oakbrook Terrace, Ill.-based provider of cloud-based digital experience management solutions, has acquired two companies: Optivo, a German provider of omnichannel campaign management and customer intelligence solutions from Deutsche Post AG; and Peerius, a London-based provider of omnichannel personalization in the cloud, from shareholders like Beringea. No financial terms were disclosed for either deal. www.episerver.co"
"  GFL Environmental Inc., a portfolio company of Hawthorn Equity Partners, has acquired Rizzo Environmental Services Inc., a Sterling Heights, Mich.-based provider of solid waste collection services, from Kinderhook Industries. No financial terms were disclosed. www.gflenv.co"
"  Grey Mountain Partners has agreed to acquire Kronos Foods Inc., a Glendale Heights, Ill.-based Mediterranean food manufacturer and distributor, from Prospect Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.kronosproducts.co"
"  Industrial Growth Partners has acquired Southern Petroleum Laboratories Inc., a Houston-based provider of lab analysis, measurement and allocation services of hydrocarbon products for the oil and gas industry, from Hastings Equity Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.spl-inc.co"
"  Investcorp is in talks to acquire Agromillora Group, a Spanish olive and fruit tree business, from Nazca Capital, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be worth around €200 million. Read more"
"  Linden Capital Partners has acquired ProPharma Group, an Overland Park, Texas-based provider of outsourced medical information, pharmacovigilance and compliance consulting services to the life sciences industry. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Jump Capital. www.propharmagroup.co"
"  Montagu Private Equity has entered into exclusive negotiations to acquire Aqua Lung, a provider of personal aquatic equipment for recreational and professional use, from Air Liquide (Paris: AI). www.airliquide.co"
"  New Water Capital has acquired The Worth Collection Ltd., a New York-based direct-to-consumer women’s fashion apparel company, from L Catterton. No financial terms were disclosed. www.worthny.co"
"  Parthenon Capital Partners has sponsored a majority recapitalization of BillingTree, a Phoenix-based provider of payments solutions to the healthcare, ARM and financial services industries. No financial terms were disclosed. www.billingtree.co"
" Permanent TSB of Ireland is nearing a deal to sell the remainder of its Capital Home Loans mortgage portfolio to Cerberus Capital Management, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  Permira has agreed to acquire Tricor Holdings Ltd., the share registry business of Hong Kong-based Bank of East Asia, for approximately $838 million. Read more"
"  Tailwater Capital has made a $100 million equity commitment to help form Producers Midstream LP, a Dallas-based provider of midstream infrastructure solutions to upstream energy operators. www.tailwatercapital.co"
  Torque Capital Group has agreed to acquire the North American and European light vehicle aftermarket business of Indiana-based Remy Inc. from BorgWarner (NYSE: BWA). No financial terms were disclosed. www.remyinc.co
"  Warburg Pincus has agreed to acquire Ascentium Capital, a Kingwood, Texas-based equipment finance company with over $1.1 billion in assets. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ascentiumcapital.co"
" Coupa Software Inc., a San Mateo, Calif.-based corporate spend management platform, has increased its IPO terms to 7.4 million shares being offered at between $16-$18 per share (previously was 6.7m shares being offered at $14-$16). It would have an initial market cap of approximately $818 million, were it to price in the middle of its revised range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol COUP, with Morgan Stanley serving as left lead underwriter. Coupa reports a $24 million net loss on around $60 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to a $25 million net loss on $34.5 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. It has raised over $160 million in VC funding from firms like Mohr Davidow Ventures (16.3% pre-IPO stake), Battery Ventures (16.2%), El Dorado Ventures (13.9%), BlueRun Ventures (12.7%), Crosslink Ventures (11.1%), ICONIQ (5.1%), Rally Ventures and T. Rowe Price. www.coupa.co"
"  GDS Holdings, a China-based data center operator, has filed for a $200 million IPO. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol GDS, with Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan serving as co-lead underwriters. It reports a $23.2 million net loss on $67.3 million in revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include ST Telemedia (45.1% pre-IPO stake), SB China Venture Capital (18.1%) and Ping An Insurance (9.9%). www.gds-services.co"
"  Zhong An Online P&C Insurance, a Chinese online insurance brokerage, has picked Credit Suisse, J.P. Morgan and UBS to lead a Hong Kong IPO that could raise upwards of $2 billion, according to IFR. Read more"
" The Blackstone Group has agreed to sell Pactera Technology International, a Chinese IT outsourcing company, to a unit of HNA Group for $675 million in cash, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" CVC Capital and Leonard Green & Partners have hired Goldman Sachs to find a buyer for Leslie’s Poolmart Inc., a Phoenix-based swimming pool retailer that could be valued at nearly $2 billion (including debt), according to Reuters. Read more"
"  Evolent Health (NYSE: EVH) has agreed to acquire Valence Health Inc., a Chicago-based provider of clinical integration and data management software, for approximately $145 million. Valence had raised around $45 million in VC funding from firms like Flare Capital Partners, GE Ventures, Heritage Group and North Bridge Growth Equity. www.valencehealth.co"
"  Nokia (NYSE: NOK) has acquired Eta Devices, a Cambridge, Mass.-based provider of power amplifier solutions for network base stations. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers included the VC arm of Deutsche Telekom. Read more"
" Asahi Group Holdings (Tokyo: 2502) is planning to bid more than $4.87 billion to acquire SABMiller's (LSE: SAB) beer business in five Eastern European countries, according to the Nikkei business daily. Read more"
" Constellation Brands (NYSE: STZ) has agreed to acquire High West Distillery, a Utah-based whiskey distillery, for approximately $160 million. Read more"
" MUFG Investor Services has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Rydex Fund Services, a 1940-Act mutual fund administration business, from Guggenheim Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.mufg-investorservices.co"
"Sompo, a listed Japanese insurer, has agreed to acquire property and casualty insurer Endurance Specialty Holdings (NYSE: ENH) for around $6.3 billion, or $93 per share. Read more"
" KKR is not planning to raise a second China-focused growth equity fund, according to Reuters, which adds that the firm instead will focus on “larger, more profitable buyouts” in China. Read more"
" Morgan Stanley is considering a secondary sale process for between $1 billion and $2 billion in alternative asset funds, including private equity and infrastructure funds, according to Private Equity International. Houlihan Lokey would manage the process. www.morganstanley.co"
" MTS Health Investors, a healthcare-focused private equity firm, has closed its fourth fund with $365 million in capital commitments"
" Nazca Capital, a Spanish private equity firm, that that it is nearing a final close on its fourth fund at its €275 million hard cap. www.nazca.e"
"  Seacoast Capital has closed its fourth fund with $239 million in capital commitments. The firm makes equity and subordinated debt investments in lower middle-market companies, out of offices in Boston and San Francisco. www.seacoastcapital.co"
"  Tanarra Capital of Australia is raising up to A$250 million for a new credit fund focused on Asia loans, according to Reuters. It will be co-led by new hires Michael Tierney (ex-Credit Suisse) and Peter Szekely (ex-ANZ). Read more"
  Stephan Eberle has joined Scale Venture Partners as general counsel. He previously was deputy general counsel at Silicon Valley Bank. www.scalevp.co
  Simon Evers has joined law firm Crowell & Moring LLP as a London-based partner focused on M&A and other strategic corporate transactions. He previously was with Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP. www.crowell.co
"  John Vaske is retiring from Goldman Sachs, where he serves as co-chairman of mergers and acquisitions. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Some notes before I head over to moderate a lunch debate in New York between U Maryland economist Peter Morici and Evercore CEO  Ralph  Schlosstein, over the economic impact of a President Clinton or President Trump."
"  Talking points: Most of what we'll discuss at lunch will be macro, but there will be some discussion of issues specific to Term Sheeters. One, of course, will be carried interest. Both presidential candidates want carry to be reclassified, but other parts of their tax plans (namely Trump wanting to slash individual income rates for top earners and Clinton wanting to increase them) mean that their identical proposals are tangibly different"
"The other issue will be the deductibility of interest on corporate debt, a tax code feature that fuels leveraged buyouts in general, and dividend recaps in particular. Trump wants to keep it, while also tacking on immediate expensing for corporate equipment and facilities investment (which, but together, likely would explode biz borrowing). Clinton has basically been silent (from what I can tell) on interest deductibility, not even publicly endorsing President Obama's longstanding (and nonspecific) call for a partial reduction."
"  Deal data: PitchBook and the NVCA today released venture capital deal data showing a sharp decline in Q3 activity, coming in just shy of $15 billion (into nearly 1,800 companies). That represents a 32% fall over Q2, and the fifth straight quasrter-over-quarter drop. It also means that 2016 is not going to top 2015 in overall activity, but it still may best 2014 (so long as Q4 disbursement levels remain close to Q3)"
" Making sense of it all: On Tuesday we noted how bank M&A fees are off just 7% over the first three quarters of 2016, even though actual M&A volume was off 22%. Twice yesterday I heard the following theory for this statistical disconnect:"
"Most M&A fee information is supplied by banks that are seeking to climb league tables, and which might not have to ""officially"" report the information elsewhere (either because they are closely-held, or because they don't break out such fees in public disclosures). Thus banks have the opportunity to gently inflate their fee results, plus incentive to do so (since they're only reporting them for league table purposes). I'm not saying the banks are being dishonest, but I sure am suggesting it.. "
"  Today in Theranos: The troubled blood-testing company is no longer testing blood, based on a statement yesterday from founder and CEO Elizabeth Holmes. She says that Theranos will close its clinical labs and wellness centers, resulting in around 340 people losing their jobs. The new goal is to ""commercialize miniaturized, automated laboratories capable of small-volume sample testing, with an emphasis on vulnerable patient populations, including oncology, pediatrics, and intensive care."" No, it does not yet have FDA approval for such devices"
"But the most interesting part came at the end, where Holmes wrote: ""We are fortunate to have supporters and investors who believe deeply in our mission of affordable, less invasive lab testing, and to have the runway to realize our vision."" This is the part I did to dig into more deeply. Did investors just commit more money to the new vision?"
" Lam   Research  Corp. (Nasdaq: LRCX) has called off its $10.6 billion cash acquisition of fellow chip manufacturing equipment maker KLA-Tencor Corp. (Nasdaq: KLAC), following antitrust scrutiny. Read more"
" Payoneer, a New York-based company focused on helping businesses send and receive cross-border payments, has raised $180 million in new growth equity funding. Technology Crossover Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backer Susquehanna Growth Equity. Some of the proceeds will be used to purchase shares from existing holders. Read more"
" Welltok, a Denver-based health optimization platform, has raised $33.7 million in Series E funding. Backers include New Enterprise Associates, Bessemer Venture Partners, Georgian Partners, Emergence Capital, InterWest Partners, Sigma Partners, HLM Venture Partners, Flare Capital Partners, Trustmark, Qualcomm Life Fund, Hearst Health Ventures,  E DBI, Okapi Venture Capital and Miramar Ventures. Welltok also secured a new $13 million debt facility from Silicon Valley Bank. www.welltok.co"
" Twyla, an Austin, Texas-based platform for buying and selling limited-edition artwork, has raised over $14 million in Series A funding. Google Ventures led the round, and was joined by Institutional Venture Partners and Redpoint Ventures. www.twyla.co"
" OpenGamma, a London-based provider of derivatives risk analysis, has raised $13.3 million in VC funding from Accel and ICAP. www.opengamma.co"
" Gridco Systems, a Woburn, Mass.-based provider of grid infrastructure solutions for electric power distribution system operators, has raised $12 million in VC funding. Backers include General Catalyst, Lux Capital, North Bridge Venture Partners and Mashinenfabrik Reinhausen. www.gridcosystems.co"
" Grana, a Hong Kong-based fashion e-commerce company, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Alibaba Group led the round, and was joined by The Hong Kong Entrepreneurs Fund and return backers Golden Gate Ventures and MindWorks Ventures. www.grana.co"
" HappyCo, a San Francisco-based mobile inspection platform, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Backers include 500 Startups, Flight Ventures and SaaS Syndicate. www.happyco.co"
" Madefire, a New York-based maker of a motion book tool for content creators, has raised $6.5 million in Series B funding. Plus Capital led the round, and was joined by return backer True Ventures and individual investors like Drake and Kevin Spacey. Read more"
" Cybric, a Boston-based software security startup led by former Yahoo chief information officer Mike Kail, has raised $6.3 million in second-round funding, according to Fortune. Capstone Ventures led the round, and was joined by Petrillo Capital. Read more"
" Ollie, a New York-based premium petfood startup, has raised $4.4 million in seed funding. Primary Ventures and Lerer Hippeau Ventures co-led the round, and were joined by Canaan Partners. www.myollie.co"
" TapFwd, a San Francisco-based mobile data marketplace, has raised $3 million in seed funding. Partech Ventures led the round, and was joined by AngelPad, Boldstart Ventures, Vaizra Investments, Tekton Ventures and individual angels. www.tapfwd.co"
" Reaction Commerce, a Los Angeles-based real-time commerce platform for retailers, has raised $2.7 million in new VC funding. CrossCut Ventures led the round, and was joined by Double M Partners. www.reactioncommerce.co"
" Factom Inc., an Austin, Texas-based blockchain startup that “secures data via decentralization,” has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding led by Tim Draper. www.factom.co"
" Alpine Investors has acquired ARCOM, a Salt Lake City-based provider of software used to integrate residential building specification content. No financial terms were disclosed. www.arcomnet.co"
" Avaap, an Infor systems integrator backed by New MainStream Capital, has acquired Falcon Consulting LLC, a New York-based Epic Systems implementation and optimization company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.avaap.co"
" GTM Holdings, a Costa Rica-based chemicals distributor owned by Advent International, has acquired Peruquímicos, a Peruvian chemicals distributor. No financial terms were disclosed. www.gtm.ne"
" Incline Equity Partners has made an investment in Ned Stevens, a Fairfield, N.J.-based provider of gutter and outdoor cleaning services. www.nedstevens.co"
" Levine Leichtman Capital Partners has agreed to acquire Nothing Bundt Cakes, an Addison, Texas-based franchisor of gourmet bakeries. No financial terms were disclosed. www.nothingbundtcakes.co"
" New Heritage Capital has invested in The Execu|Search Group, a New York-based recruitment, temporary staffing and workforce management company focused on the tech and healthcare spaces. No financial terms were disclosed"
" New Mountain Capital has acquired Convey Health Solutions, a Ft. Lauderdale, Fla.-based provider of healthcare tech and business process outsourcing, from Comvest Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.conveyhealthsolutions.co"
" One Rock Capital Partners has agreed to acquire North Pacific Paper Co., a Longview, Wash.-based manufacturer of newsprint and other publication paper products. No financial terms were disclosed. NORPAC is a current joint venture between Weyerhaeuser Co. and Nippon Paper Industries. www.onerockcapital.co"
" Windjammer Capital Investors has acquired Mission Critical Electronics Inc., a Santa Ana, Calif.-based maker of power conversion, battery charging and battery products. www.mission-critical-electronics.co"
" Wing Inflatables Inc., a Lafayette, Calif.-based maker of inflatable boats and other inflatable products, owned by Armada Acquisition Group, has acquired UK-based rival Henshaw Inflatables Ltd. for an undisclosed amount. www.wing.co"
" Advanced Disposal Services, a Ponte Vedra, Fla.-based waste collection company, has raised $347 million in its IPO. The company priced 19.25 million shares at $18 per share (low end of $18-$21 range), for an initial market cap of around $1.51 billion. It will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol ADSW, while Deutsche Bank served as left lead underwriter. ADS reports a $14 million net loss on $692 million in revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include Highstar Capital (65.12% pre-IPO stake), the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (23.14%) and BTG Pactual (7.17%). www.advanceddisposal.com"
" AquaVenture Holdings, a Tampa, Fla.-based provider of wastewater treatment and purification services and systems, has raised $117 million in its IPO. The company priced 6.5 million shares at $18 per share (low end of range), for an initial market cap of around $457 million. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol WAAS, while Citigroup, Deutsche Bank and RBC Capital Markets served as lead underwriters. AquaVenture reports around an $8.2 million net loss on $55 million in revenue for the first six months of 2016. Shareholders include Element Partners and the Virgin Green Fund. www.aquaventure.co"
" Coupa Software Inc., a San Mateo, Calif.-based corporate spend management platform, raised $133 million in its IPO. The company priced 7.4 million shares at $18 per share (high end of upwardly-revised range), for an initial market cap of approximately $866 million. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol COUP, while Morgan Stanley was listed as left lead underwriter. Coupa reports a $24 million net loss on around $60 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to a $25 million net loss on $34.5 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. It had raised over $160 million in VC funding from firms like Mohr Davidow Ventures (16.3% pre-IPO stake), Battery Ventures (16.2%), El Dorado Ventures (13.9%), BlueRun Ventures (12.7%), Crosslink Ventures (11.1%), Iconiq Capital (5.1%), Meritech Capital Partners, Rally Ventures and T. Rowe Price. www.coupa.co"
" Jose Cuervo, a Mexican tequila maker, is postponing a planned IPO in Mexico until after the U.S. election, due to expected market volatility, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Obalon Therapeutics Inc., a Carlsbad, Calif.-based developer of a balloon-based weight loss device, raised $75 million in its IPO. The company priced 5 million shares at $15 per share, for an initial fully-diluted market cap of around $267 million. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol OBLN, while UBS served as left lead underwriter. Obalon has raised over $75 million in VC funding from firms like Domain Associates (34.6% pre-IPO stake), InterWest Partners (21%), Bader Sultan & Bros. (8.8%), Opaki Venture Capital (7.7%), Axon Ventures, Mirae Asset Venture Investment, NeoPlux Co. and Striker Asia Opportunities Fund. www.obalon.co"
" eBay (Nasdaq: EBAY) has acquired Corrigon, an Israeli provider of computer vision and visual search technology. No financial terms were disclosed, although TechCrunch reports a price just south of $30 million. Sellers include Qualcomm Ventures. www.corrigon.co"
" Samsung has agreed to acquire Viv, an AI-based assistant that was created by engineers behind Siri. No financial terms were disclosed. Viv had raised over $20 million in VC funding from firms like Iconiq Capital, Horizons Ventures and Pritzker Ventures. Read more"
" Google and Walt Disney Co. are not expected to make takeover bids for Twitter (NYSE: TWTR), according to Recode. Read more"
" McDonald’s Corp. (NYSE: MCD) has agreed to sell 20-year franchise rights to its Malaysia and Singapore stores to Reza Food Services of Saudi Arabia for upwards of $400 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
 Shenzhen Qianhai Financial Holdings and Shenzhen Investment Holdings Corp. have agreed to buy Singapore-based reinsurance group ACR Capital Holdings at a reported value of around $1 billion. Read more
" Corazon Capital, a Chicago-based early-stage VC firm, has raised $37 million for its second fund, according to an SEC filing"
  Steve DeAngelis has joined FS Investments as EVP and head of distribution. He previously was with Goldman Sachs Asset Management and head of U.S. advisor solutions. www.fsinvestments.co
  David Lipkin has joined McDermott Will & Emery as a Menlo Park-based partner focused on tech and life sciences M&A. He previously was with Morrison & Foerster. www.mwe.co
 Christian Mariager has joined consumer-focused private equity firm L Catterton as an operating partner in Europe. He previously was CEO of the parent company of Danish retailer Flying Tiger. www.lcatterton.co
" Giles Tucker has rejoined Harris Williams & Co. as a managing director in the firm’s industrials group. He previously spent 13 years with the middle-market investment bank, before leaving to co-found Blue Edge Capital. www.harriswilliams.co"
" Brian Wilson is delaying plans to join The Carlyle Group as a senior advisor to the firm’s Asia buyout team. Now he won’t come aboard until next April, when his term officially ends as chairman of Australia’s Foreign Investment Review Board. www.carlyle.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Greetings from the home office. Some notes...
" Snap stock: Lots of buzz over a WSJ report that Snapchat is prepping an IPO that could value the company at north of $25 billion (compared to approximately $18b post-money it got on its last round). Normally I'd dismiss this sort of thing, under the theory that most mega-unicorns have draft IPO docs tucked behind their horns"
"But the key difference here is that WSJ also includes possible timing, by saying that the offering could come ""as early as late March."" That's a lot more specific than ""sometime in 2017,"" and also makes sense from a post-holiday filing perspective. Makes me more confident in this report than others of similar ilk, although that's admittedly just tea leaf reading..."
" As we predicted: The NY Post reports that Verizon is trying to get a $1 billion discount on its $4.8 billion Yahoo purchase, following the recent hack and email reading revelations. If successful, it would suggest that Verizon believes it can make a case that there were misrepresentations, given that Delaware courts are unlikely to accept an MAE argument"
" Venture context: Following yesterday's release of Q3 venture capital stats ― showing continued dollar volume erosion ― there has been a lot of commentary on how hard it has become for startups to raise money. Two notes on this: First, ""harder"" only is in relation to recent boomtimes, as 2016 VC disbursements are still quite high compared to typical levels. Second, I'd think a part of the downturn relates to how companies realized in Q3 2015 that the worm was beginning to turn, and began raising rainy-day reserves. Remember, it's almost a year to the day that I wrote this"
" Conflicts ahead: The Blackstone Group, Goldman Sachs and AlpInvest (a unit of Carlyle) all reportedly are raising new vehicles to purchase stakes in private equity firm management companies, joining existing players like Dyal Capital Partners. The potential conflicts are too many to list in the short amount of time I have this morning. But I do not see this ending well, at least for the non-dedicated players (i.e, those that are primarily direct investors -- despite the many firewalls and lines of strategy demarcation that are sure to be erected)"
" Unscientific polling: Yesterday I moderated a session at the annual meeting of growth equity firm Edison Partners, about which major presidential candidate would be better for the U.S. economy. Before beginning, I asked the audience for its thoughts, via a show of hands. Only a few went up when I asked if a President Trump would be better (over 4 years), while there were between one and two dozen for a President Clinton. The vast majority chose Door #3, or ""unsure."
 Quiz Time: Can you name the head of private equity at a major public university who is leaving to join a private foundation as chief investment officer? Think West Coaster who wasn't always a West Coaster..
 Have a great weekend. Go Pats
" The Carlyle Group has agreed to acquire Atotech BV, a Dutch specialty chemicals group, from Total SA (NYSE: TOT) for approximately $3.2 billion (representing 11.9X EBITDA). Read more"
" MSI Methylation Sciences, a Vancouver-based developer of small molecule therapy for adjunctive treatment of major depressive disorder, has raised US$30 million in VC funding from Quark Venture. www.methylationsciences.co"
" Financeit, Toronto-based point-of-sale financing provider, has raised US$17 million in new VC funding co-led by The Pritzker Organization and DNS Capital. www.financeit.i"
" Code Climate, a New York-based provider of automated code review solutions, has raised $4.5 million in Series A funding. Backers include Union Square Ventures, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, Fuel Capital and Trinity Ventures. www.codeclimate.co"
" Lulalend, an online business lending platform in South Africa, has raised an undisclosed amount of new VC funding. Accion Venture Lab led the round, and was joined by Newid Capital and Hallmann Holding International Investment. www.accion.or"
" American Securities has acquired Henry Co., an El Segundo, Calif.-based maker of “energy-efficient building envelope solutions,” from Graham Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.henry.co"
" Thomas H. Lee Partners and TPG Capital are the leading bidders for Learfield Communications, a Jefferson City, Mo.-based sports marketing company being sold by Providence Equity Partners, according to Bloomberg. Other bidders include Atairos and New Mountain Capital. The deal could be values at around $1.3 billion. Read more"
" Camping World Holdings Inc., a retailer of recreational vehicles and TV accessories, raised $250 million in its IPO. The company priced 11.36 million shares at $22 per share (middle of range), and will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol CWH.  Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan served as co-lead underwriters. Camping World is controlled by Crestview Partners, and reports $178.5 million of net income on $3.3 billion in revenue for 2015. www.campingworld.co"
"  CRISPR Therapeutics AG, a Swiss gene editing company, has set its IPO terms to 4.7 million shares being offered at between $15 and $17 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $636 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol CRSP, with Citigroup, Piper Jaffray and Barclays serving as lead underwriters. Crispr has raised around $160 million in VC funding, from firms like Versant Ventures (20.74% pre-IPO stake), Celgene (12.4%), S.R. One (9.69%), New Enterprise Associates (9.69%), Bayer AG (8.01%), Abingworth (7.82%), Vertex Pharmaceuticals (7.6%), Franklin Templeton Investments, New Leaf Venture Partners, Clough Capital Partners and Wellington Capital Management. www.crisprtx.co"
"  Everspin Technologies, a Chandler, Ariz.-based maker of magnetic RAM products, raised $40 million in its IPO. It priced 4 million shares at $8 per share, compared to earlier plans to offer 3.75 million shares being offering at between $11 and $13 per share. The company will trade Nasdaq under ticker symbol MRAM, with Stifel and Needham & Co. serving as lead underwriters. Everspin had raised around $77 million in VC funding, from firms like New Venture Partners (31.5% pre-IPO stake), Sigma Partners (9.3%), Lux Ventures (7.6%), Globasl Foundries (6.23%), Freescale Semiconductor (5.3%), Epic Ventures (4.6%) and Draper Fisher Jurvetson (4.6%). www.everspin.co"
"  Forterra Inc., an Irving, Texas-based manufacturer of pipe and precast products, has set its IPO terms to 18.42 million shares being offered at between $19 and $21 per share. It would have an initial market cap of $1.28 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol FRTA, with Goldman Sachs, Citigroup and Credit Suisse serving as co-lead underwriters. It reports a $13.4 million net loss (pro forma) for Q1 2016 on $362 million in revenue. www.forterrabp.co"
" Bain Capital has agreed to sell Blackhawk Specialty Tools LLC, a Houston-based provider of well construction and well intervention services and products, to Frank's International (NYSE: FI) for approximately $321 million in cash and stock"
" Rinse, a Los Angeles-based on-demand laundry service, has acquired the assets of defunct Washio for an undisclosed amount. Rinse has raised VC funding from firms like Arena Ventures and CAA Ventures, while Washio had raised over $16 million from Canaan Partners, A Grade Investments, Pejman Mar Ventures, Sherpa Ventures and Jerry Yang. Read more"
" RLJ Equity Partners has launched a sale process for MarketCast LLC, a Los Angeles-based provider of entertainment industry research services, according to Bloomberg. The company could be valued at around $280 million, which would represent a 14x multiple on EBITDA. Read more"
 Berkshire Hathaway has agreed to sell its minority stake in candy maker Mars Inc. back to the company for an undisclosed amount. Read more
 CIT Group (NYSE: CIT) has agreed to sell its aircraft leasing business to China-based Avolon Holdings (a unit of HNA Group) for around $10 billion. Read more
" Concardis, a German maker of card payment terminals and other payment technologies, is being cut up for sale with an estimated price tag of between €360 million and €550 million, according to Reuters. The company currently is owned by a consortium of German banks. Read more"
" Grupo Villar Mir, a Spanish conglomerate, is considering a sale of its hydroelectric assets, according to Bloomberg. The deal could include 14 facilities in Spain and France, and could be worth around $1 billion. Read more"
No firm or fund news this morning
  Joseph Lovell has joined Perella Weinberg Partners as a New York-based managing director in the firm’s financial institutions group. He previously was with Wells Fargo Securities. www.pwpartners.co
"  John Vaske, who recently stepped down as co-chairman of M&A at Goldman Sachs, has joined Temasek Holdings as joint head of North America (effective January 16). Read more"
  Mauricio Voorduin has joined Mizuho as a managing director and head of structuring for its Latin America corporate and investment banking business. He previously was with HSBC. www.mizohu.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Greetings from the home office, where E is busily preparing to march in a local parade. Some very quick notes, before I head out to watch the adorableness."
 Answer Key: On Friday I asked you name the head of private equity at a major public university who is leaving to join a private foundation as chief investment officer? Your hint was that it's a West Coaster who wasn't always a West Coaster
"The answer was Tim Recker, currently managing director of private equity and real assets at the University of California Regents (and onetime director of alternatives for the Michigan Retirement System). After more than nine years with UC, Recker is becoming CIO at The James Irvine Foundation, a San Francisco-based nonprofit with just north of $2 billion in assets under management (around half of which are in invested in venture capital and private equity)."
" Debate points: The issue of carried interest taxation was raised last night by Donald Trump, when asked by an audience member about ""what specific tax provisions will you change to ensure the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share in taxes?"" Carry was the only specific Trump gave, adding that: (1) Hillary Clinton is ""leaving"" the carried interest treatment as is because it's ""very important"" to her Wall Street donors. (2) It is ""one of the greatest provisions for people like me."
"The first one is just incorrect, as Clinton has explicitly called for changing the tax treatment of carried interest. Moreover, the differing personal income tax plans of each candidate (Trump would lower top rates, Clinton would effectively raise them) means that Trump's plan would actually be more favorable to the ""Wall Street donors"" who currently benefit from carry. As for the second, I need to research it further but am not sure it's possible to find definitive answers without Trump's tax returns. Plenty of real estate developers do create partnerships that include carried interest provisions ― something which few people take into account when adding up the federal revenue of a carry change ― but it's unclear if Trump is among them."
"It's also worth noting that neither candidate, nor the moderators, explained what carried interest actually is."
" Speaking of presidential politics: I've reached out to both Peter Thiel and his spokesman to see if the vile Access Hollywood tape has affected his presidential endorsement, but neither has replied"
" Atairos has agreed to acquire Learfield Communications, a Jefferson City, Mo.-based sports marketing company, from Providence Equity Partners. No financial terms were disclosed, although earlier reports suggested that the deal could be worth around $1.3 billion. Losing bidders included Thomas H. Lee Partners, TPG Capital and New Mountain Capital"
"Atairos is an independent Comcast-backed fund led by Michael Angelakis, the former Comcast CFO who once was a senior executive with Learfield seller Providence Equity. www.learfieldsports.com"
" Snapp, an Iranian ride-sharing app, has raised €20 million in Series A funding from South African mobile telecom company MTN. Read more"
" Eve Sleep, a London-based mattress e-tailer, has raised $18.3 million in Series B funding. Woodford Investment Management led the round, and was joined by Octopus Investments, Channel 4 and DN Capital. www.evemattress.co"
" OncoResponse, a Houston-based immuno-oncology antibody discovery startup, has raised $7 million in new Series A funding from GreatPoint Ventures and Helsainn Investment Fund. www.oncoresponseinc.co"
" SoundTrap, a Sweden-based music and audio recording platform in the cloud, has raised $6 million in Series A funding led by Industrifonden. Read more"
" Hooch, a membership-based cocktail and nightlife app, has raised $1.5 million in new seed funding led by Blue Scorpion Investments. www.hooch.c"
" American Securities has agreed to acquire Chromaflo, an Ashtabula, Ohio-based maker of colorants and chemical dispersions, from Arsenal Capital Partners and Nordic Capital. No financial terms were disclosed for the deal, which is expected to close next month. www.chromaflo.co"
" Ashland Capital Partners has acquired Dedoes Industries, a Walled Lake, Michl.-based provider of equipment for the automotive refinish market, from Graycliff Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.dedoes.co"
" Equistone Partners Europe has acquired a majority stake in United Initiators, a German producer of specialty chemical initiators, from Vision Capital and Speyside Equity. No financial terms were disclosed. www.united-initiators.co"
" First Reserve has agreed to acquire Gas Natural Inc. (NYSE MKT: EGAS), a Cleveland-based operator of local natural gas utilities serving around 68,000 customers in Maine, Montana, North Carolina and Ohio. The deal is valued at approximately $196 million, or $13.10 per share. www.ewst.co"
" Intelligent Medical Objects, a Northbrook, Ill.-based provider of medical terminology solutions for electronic health record systems, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Warburg Pincus. www.e-imo.co"
" Precision Global, a New York-based portfolio company of Peak Rock Capital, has acquired Ralpet Plastics, an Australian manufacturer of injection and blow molded plastics products. No financial terms were disclosed. www.precisionglobal.co"
" KKR and TowerBrook Capital Partners have agreed to invest a total of €250 million for a minority equity stake in OVH, a France-based provider of cloud infrastructure, telecom and web hosting services. www.ovhco"
" iRhythm Technologies Inc., a San Francisco-based developer of cardiac diagnostic monitoring solutions, has set its IPO terms to 5.35 million shares being offered at between $13 and $15 per share. It would have a fully-diluted value of around $310 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol IRTC, with J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley serving as lead underwriters. iRhythm reports a $10.6 million net loss on $28.6 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, and has raised nearly $100 million in VC funding from firms like Synergy Life Science Partners (16.39% pre-IPO stake), Norwest Venture Partners (16.01%), Novo AS (13.68%), New Leaf Venture Partners (12.03%), Mohr Davidow Ventures (9.76%) and Kaiser Permanente Ventures (9.37%) and Stanford University. www.irhythmtech.co"
 No exit news this morning
 Duke Energy Corp. (NYSE: DUK) has agreed to sell its Brazilian assets to China Three Gorges for $12 billion. The Charlotte-based energy company also said that it is in talks to sell its remaining Central and South American assets. Read more
" Noble Group, a Singapore-listed commodities trader, has agreed to sell its North American energy distribution unit to Calpine (NYSE: CPN) for $1.05 billion. Read more"
" UBS pulled out as financial advisor to a $4.4 billion deal that privatized a commercial property unit of China’s Dalian Wanda over credit risks, according to the FT. UBS had initiated the deal, and was replaced by China International Capital Corp. Read more"
" William Hill PLC (LSE: WMH), a British bookmaker, said that it is in merger talks with Amaya Inc. (TSX: AYA), the Canadian owner of PokerStars whose market cap is around C$3.4 billion. Read more"
" BioVentures Investors, a Wellesley, Mass.-based VC firm focused on med-tech startups, has closed its fourth fund with $87 million in capital commitments. www.bioventuresinvestors.co"
 EQT Partners has closed its first dedicated U.S. mid-market growth buyout fund with $726 million in capital commitments. www.eqt.s
" Okapi Venture Capital, a Laguna Beach, Calif.-based venture firm, is raising up to $60 million for its third fund, according to a regulatory filing. www.okapivc.co"
" Upfront Ventures is raising up to $40 million for an ""ancillary"" vehicle to its fourth fund, which closed on around $200 million in 2013, per a regulatory filing. The Los Angeles-area VC firm subsequently raised a $280 million fifth fund"
 Rishi Garg has joined venture firm Mayfield as a general partner. He previously was VP of strategy and corporate development at Twitter. Read more
  Robert Whipple has joined mid-market private equity firm Cortec Group as a managing director. He previously was a principal with Apax Partners. Cortec also has hired Nick Cooper (ex-Piper Jaffray) as an associate and promoted Jack Milner to vice president. www.cortecgroup.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
“What do you plan to do next?”
"This is a question I often get during face-to-face meetings with readers, many of whom seem to view prolonged big company employment as a befuddling anachronism. And I’ve always replied, quite honestly, that I have a fantastic job, generous colleagues and give my career future zero thought. Sometimes people call about other opportunities, and I give them varying degrees of consideration. But I ultimately demur, because often there is value in knowing how good you’ve got it."
All of which is preamble to this: I’m leaving Fortune.
"You might already have read about it earlier this morning, in a journalistic piece of karma. But for those who haven’t, I’m joining a nascent media startup whose co-founders include Jim VandeHei (co-founder of Politico) and Mike Allen (creator of Politico’s Playbook newsletter, which makes him one of the world’s few people who understand my daily schedule). And yes, it’s backed by a host of venture capitalists and angels, which will add some degrees of conflict difficulty that I’ll discuss at a later time in a different venue (Hi Steve Rattner – seriously, can you believe this?)."
"In short: I’ve decided that this is an adventure worth pursuing. More details to come except that, sufficed to say, I still love what I do and who I do it for (that’s you, dearest readers). We won’t become strangers."
"My understanding is that Fortune intends to continue Term Sheet, but my last issue will be in a couple of weeks."
Now some notes:
" Today in Theranos: Let the investor lawsuits commence. There's one already filed by San Francisco-based hedgie Partner Fund Management, and yesterday I received a plaintiff lawyer's request for Theranos backers who would like to join a separate class action"
" For friends and family: Following Sunday night's presidential debate, several non-finance friends asked me to help them understand just what carried interest actually is. So I wrote it up here, without my well-worn editorial bias on the matter. Feel free to pass it along if you receive similar questions"
" Unicorn squeeze: Yesterday we reported that Tim Recker was stepping down as head of private equity and real assets at UC Regents, in order to become CIO at The James Irvine Foundation. I subsequently spoke with Tim, who made an interesting point about a tangible and troublesome byproduct of unicorn valuations on limited partners"
"He explained that his new shop, a charitable foundation, contributes 5.5% of its AUM each year in grants. That's actual cash going out the door. At the same time, the system is currently more than 40% exposed to venture capital and private equity (compared to a 30% target allocation), in part due to skyrocketing unicorn valuations. So while precious few unicorns are generating liquidity for LPs, some of those LPs are still obligated to make disbursements based on the paper prices. That's a particularly high-risk scenario, even for a high-risk asset class."
" Still working: Please do not use this morning's lead item as an excuse to stop sending me tips. Instead, use it as encouragement. Here's the tipbox link"
" Zymergen, an Emeryville, Calif.-based biological materials engineering company that leverages both robotics and big data, has raised $130 million in Series B funding. SoftBank Group led the round, and was joined by Iconiq Capital, Prelude Ventures, and Tao Capital Partners and return backers Data Collective, True Ventures, AME Cloud Ventures, DFJ, Innovation Endeavors, Obvious Ventures and Two Sigma Ventures. Read more"
" Navya, a French developer of driverless electric and robotic vehicles, has raised €30 million in new VC funding. Keolis, Valeo and Group8 (Qatar) were joined by return backers Rebolution Capital (now part of 360 Capital Partners, CapDecisif Management and Gravitation. www.navya.tec"
" Everwise, a software platform for talent development, has raised $16 million in Series B funding. Sequoia Capital led the round, and was joined by return backers Canvas Ventures and Webb Investment Network. The company has offices in San Francisco and New York. www.everwise.co"
" Evidation Health, a San Mateo, Calif.-based, has raised $15 million in new VC funding. B Capital Group led the round, and was joined by Pappas Ventures and return backers GE Ventures, AMV and Fresco Capital. www.evidation.co"
" Cityworks, a Sandy, Utah-based provider of public asset and land management software for local governments, has raised $14.5 million in growth equity funding. Polaris Partners led the round, and was joined by Blue Cloud Ventures. www.cityworks.co"
" StreetTeam, a London-based platform that helps brands build, deploy and manage decentralized ambassador programs, has raised $10 million in new VC funding from Frontline Ventures, Kindred Capital, Backed, Universal Music Group and Saatchi Invest. Read more"
" Seniorlink Inc., a Boston-based provider of in-home care solutions for seniors and those with disabilities, has raised $7.5 million in growth equity funding from NewSpring Health Capital. www.seniorlink.co"
" SimpleOrder, an Israel-based supply chain management platform for restaurant kitchens, has raised $2.75 million in Series A funding. Lazarus Israel Opportunities Fund and FoodLab Capital co-led the round, and were joined by return backer Cyrus Angel Fund. www.simpleorder.co"
" Infutor Data Solutions, a Plainfield, Ill.-based provider of on-demand data solutions, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding led by Norwest Venture Partners. www.infutor.co"
" Tyson Foods (NYSE: TYS) has acquired a 5% stake in Beyond Meat, a California developer of plant-based food products, for an undisclosed amount. Beyond Meat had previously raised around $64 million (most recently at a $147m post), from firms like Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, New Crop Capital, Obvious Ventures and Bill Gates. Read more"
" Aris Radiology, a Hudson, Ohio-based portfolio company of Great Point Partners, has acquired US Teleradiology, an Atlanta-based provider of radiology services to hospitals and other medical facilities across 25 states. No financial terms were disclosed. www.usteleradiology.co"
" Catalyst Principal Partners has acquired a control stake in Zenufa Laboratories Ltd., a Tanzania-based maker of OTC and prescription medicines or the local market. No financial terms were disclosed. www.zenufa.co"
" CI Capital Partners announced a partnership with former DEKRA Insight CEO Colin Duncan, in order to form an acquisition platform focused on companies in the safety services industry. www.cicapllc.co"
" Grakon LLC, a Seattle-based lighting and electronics products company owned by Industrial Growth Partners, has acquired BMAC Ltd., a UK-based maker of LED lighting and electronic control systems for the European rail, bus and tram markets. No financial terms were disclosed. www.grakon.co"
" Incline Equity Partners has acquired Premium Franchise Brands, an Alpharetta, Ga.-based franchisor of light commercial and residential cleaning businesses under the Jan-Pro and Maid Rite brands. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Webster Capital. www.premiumfranchisebrands.co"
" Mecaplast Group, a Monaco-based provider of plastic components for the automotive industry, has agreed to acquire Key Plastics Corp., a Livonia, Mich.-based manufacturer of automotive interior, exterior and under-the-hood plastic components. Mecaplast is backed by Equistone Partners, while Key Plastics is sponsored by Wayzata Investment Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.mecaplastco"
" Metalmark Capital and GHO Capital Partners are in talks to acquire Premier Research Group, a UK-based contract research organization, from Indigo Capital for more than $250 million, according to Private Equity News. www.premier-reaearch.co"
" NuSource Financial, an Eden Prairie, Minn.-based provider of ATM services, equipment, and commercial security, has acquired Superior Safe & Security, a provider of security solutions for banks and credit unions in Wisconsin. No financial terms were disclosed. NuSource is a portfolio company of Tonka Bay Equity Partners. www.nusourcefinancial.co"
" Palladium Equity Partners has made a “significant investment” in Del Real Foods, a Mira Loma, Calif.-based Hispanic refrigerated foods company. www.delrealfoods.co"
" Ant Financial, the online financial services arm of Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA) that includes Alipay, is holding off on its much-speculated IPO until late 2017 at the earliest, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  Canada Goose, an outerwear maker and retailer owned by Bain Capital, is prepping an IPO that could value the company at around $2 billion, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Doughty Hanson has agreed to sell LM Wind Power, a Denmark-based maker of rotor blades for wind turbines, to General Electric (NYSE: GE) for $1.65 billion. Read more"
" Silver Lake is seeking buyers for Vantage Data Centers Management Co., a Santa Clara, Calif.-based data center company that could be valued north of $1 billion (including debt), according to Reuters. Read more"
" Thai Union Group PCL (BK: TU), a producer of canned tuna, has paid $575 million for a minority equity stake in restaurant chain Red Lobster, which will continue to be majority owned by Golden Gate Capital. The deal includes $230 million up-front for a 25% stake, plus $345 million in convertible preferred securities that could represent another 24% of common stock within 10 years. Read more"
" Warburg Pincus has hired J.P. Morgan to explore a sale of Source, a London-based provider of exchange-traded products, according to Bloomberg. The company could be valued at around $500 million. Read more"
 Morgan Stanley Private Equity Asia has acquired a 25.63% stake in Thai-listed diaper maker DSG International for around $46.2 million. Read more
" Actis is targeting $2 billion for its fourth energy-focused private equity fund, according to Dow Jones. Read more"
 Greylock has closed its fifteenth flagship venture capital fund with $1 billion in capital commitments. Read more
" Renovus Capital Partners has closed its second education-focused buyout and growth equity fund with $300 million in capital commitments (including SBIC leverage), according to the WSJ. www.renovuscapital.co"
  Tom Ley has joined Seacoast Capital as a San Francisco-based principal. He previously was a managing director in the equity fund services group of Comerica.  www.seacoastcapital.co
 Alex Oppenheimer has joined the Israel office of GE Ventures. He previously spent three years as an associate at NEA. www.geventures.co
" Joe Tucci, former chairman and CEO of EMC Corp., has joined Bridge Growth Partners as chairman. www.bridgegrowthpartners.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Some very quick notes, as there was an unexpectedly large amount of deal news this morning..."
" One Paupers Lane: Back in June, Bed Bath & Beyond announced that it was acquiring One Kings Lane, a home decor and furnishing e-commerce company that once had been valued north of $800 million by top-name venture capital firms (Greylock, Kleiner Perkins, IVP, Tiger Global, etc.). No purchase price was disclosed, but clearly it was at a deeper discount than Bed Bath's famed 20% off coupons, since it was deemed ""not material."" Moreover, Recode reported that the price might be lower than $30 million"
"The trouble with public companies not disclosing acquisition prices, particularly when they only make one acquisition in a fiscal quarter, is that the number is going to come out eventually via financial disclosures. That's why we now know that Bed Bath paid a paltry $11.78 million for One Kings Lane, which easily makes this one of the biggest VC-backed busts in recent memory — with over $200 million invested."
" Speaking of undisclosed prices: Poultry company Tyson Foods yesterday announced that it had acquired a 5% stake in Beyond Meat, a VC-backed maker of plant-based foods, for an undisclosed amount"
"A source familiar with the deal says that Tyson invested at around a $250 million valuation, and that several existing investors also participated in what was actually a broader round (shareholder Kleiner Perkins, however, did not come back)."
" Wait & see: Sheryl Sandberg said at an Internet Association conference yesterday that she's committed to staying at Facebook, meaning that she would not be heading to Washington DC to lead Treasury for a possible Clinton Administration. I have no doubt she believes what she says, but I also know that it is very hard to turn down a presidential request of that type, if for no reason other than patriotism. In other words, I wouldn't be surprised if this is more a signal to Hillary Clinton, asking her not to ask, than it is an indication that she'd actually turn it down. Either way, of course, this makes current Fed governor Lael Brainard an even more likely selection"
" Personnel scoop: Rob Jevon has quietly stepped down as a partner with Boston Millennia Partners, where he had been since the firm's founding in 1997. No word yet on his future plans. In unrelated news, Jiten Sanghai has joined Strategic Value Partners as a director, after having spent the past nine years with JLL Partners"
" Just to be clear: I'm not retiring, abandoning journalism or leaving this beat behind. It's about evolution and new adventure"
 Baidu Group (Nasdaq: BIDU) said that it will launch a $3 billion investment arm focused on mid to late-stage Internet companies. It will be called Baidu Capital. Read more
" DTI Management, an Alexandria, Va.-based provider of live event ticket inventory to online marketplaces, has raised $75 million in new growth equity funding from CVC Capital Partners and New Amsterdam Growth Capital. www.dtimanagement.co"
" Relievant Medsystems Inc., a Redwood City, Calif.-based medical device startup focused on nerve ablation within vertebral bodies for the treatment of chronic low back pain, has raised $36 million in new VC funding. NEA led the round, and was joined by Canaan Partners, Emergent Medical Partners and Morgenthaler Ventures. www.relievant.co"
" SimPro Software, an Australian provider of job management software for the trade service industry, has raised US$31 million in growth equity funding from New York-based Level Equity. www.simprogroup.com/a"
" Cloud9 Technologies LLC, a New York-based provider of cloud communications solutions for institutional traders, has raised $30 million in new VC funding. JPMorgan Chase led the round, and was joined by ICAP, Barclays and Point 72 Ventures. www.c9tec.co"
" Nexus Systems, a Falls Church, Va-based provider of procure-to-pay software for medium and large enterprises, has raised $28 million in growth equity funding from Mainsail Partners. www.nexussystems.co"
" Mist, a Cupertino, Calif.-based provider of wireless networking solution “for the smart device era,” has raised $28 million in Series B funding. Google Ventures led the round, and was joined by Lightspeed Venture Partners, Norwest Venture Partners and Cisco Investments. www.mist.co"
" ActiveCampaign, a Chicago-based provider of marketing and sales automation solutions, has raised $20 million in growth equity funding from Silversmith Capital Partners. www.activecampaign.co"
" Ranzure Networks, a Richardson, Texas-based provider of cloud technologies to radio access networks, has raised $13 million in Series A funding co-led by LiveOak Venture Partners and Mitel. www.ranzure.co"
" E8 Security, a Redwood City, Calif.-based provider of behavioral intelligence for cybersecurity, has raised $12 million in Series B funding. Strategic Cyber Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers March Capital Partners, Allegis Capital, and The Hive. www.e8securityco"
" Blue Medora, a Grand Rapids, Mich.-based provider of enterprise cloud and data center management software, has raised $8.6 million in Series B funding. Lewis & Clark Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers VMWare, eLab Ventures, Start Garden and Grand Angels. www.bluemedora.co"
" Akriveia Therapeutics LLC, a Thousand Oaks, Calif-based immune-oncology startup, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding from F-Prime Capital Partners. www.fprimecapital.co"
" Optimus Ride, a Boston-based developer of autonomous driving technology, has raised $5.25 million in seed funding co-led by NextView Ventures and FirstMark Capital. Read more"
" Noodle Partners, an online secondary education startup, has raised $4 million in new VC funding. Osage Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by New Markets Venture Partners and 500 Startups. Read more"
" Kindly Care, a San Francisco-based self-service care management platform, has raised $3.1 million in new VC funding. MHS Capital led the round, and was joined by Floodgate and Jackson Square Ventures. www.kindlycare.co"
" Serverless, an open-source developers platform, has raised $3 million in seed funding led by Trinity Ventures. Read more"
" MEL Science, a London-based developer of VR and AR content that teaches science to kids, has raised $2.5 million in Series A funding from Sistema Venture Capital. www.melscience.co"
" Bison, a Boston-based developer of financial services industry software (with a focus on illiquid securities), has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding. Hamilton Lane led the round, and was joined by Accomplice and GrandBanks Capital. www.bison.c"
" Yi Wei Xing Technology, a Chinese service for arranging short-term car rentals, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from General Motors. Read more"
" Advent International is in advanced talks to acquire Culligan, a Rosemont, Ill.-based water treatment company, for more than $900 million from Centerbridge Partners, according to Reuters. Read more"
" BC Partners is the leading bidder for the data centers business of CenturyLink Inc. (NYSE: CTL), according to Reuters. The deal could be valued at more than $25 billion. A rival consortium – consisting of GTCR, Charlesbank Capital Partners, Berkshire Partners and Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners – broke apart without submitting a formal offer. Read more"
" Blue Sage Capital has acquired Magnum Systems Inc., a Kansas City-based maker of branded packaging and material handling solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.bluesage.co"
" Carve Designs Inc., a Mill Valley, Calif.-based apparel maker, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Kanders & Co. www.carvedesigns.co"
" Cinven and CVC Capital Partners have agreed to acquire NewDay, a UK-based consumer credit card company with £1.6 billion of receivables, from Värde Partners. No financial terms were disclosed, although the WSJ reports a price-tag of around £1 billion. Read more"
" Dragoneer Investment Group has agreed to acquire a 35% stake in AmWins Group, a Charlotte-based specialty insurance broker, from New Mountain Capital at around a $2.6 billion enterprise value. Existing AmWins shareholders include PSP Investments (30% stake). www.amwins.co"
" GigaTrust, a Herndon, Va-based provider of email security and document protection software, has raised $20 million in preferred equity and debt funding from Balance Point Capital. www.gigatrust.co"
" Joe & the Juice, a Copenhagen-based urban juice bar and coffee chain, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from General Atlantic. Existing shareholders include Stockholm-based Valedo Partners. www.joejuice.co"
" Luxe Energy LLC, an Austin, Texas-based company that acquired unconventional oil properties in the US, has secured $524 million in new equity commitments from NGP Energy Capital Management. www.luxeenergy.co"
" Silver Run Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: SRAQ) has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Centennial Resource Development LLC, a Denver-based oil and gas exploration and production company, from NGP Energy Capital Management (which will retain a minority stake). Silver Run is controlled by Riverstone Holdings. www.cdevinc.co"
" Azure Power Global, an India-based solar power company, raised $61 million in its IPO. The company priced 3.4 million shares at $18 per share (below $21-$23 range), and will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol AZRE. Barclays served as lead underwriter. Shareholders include Helion Venture Partners and International Finance Corp. In conjunction with the IPO, company sold $75 million shares to Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec at the IPO price. www.azurepower.co"
"  Extraction Oil & Gas LP, a Denver-based oil and gas company focused primarily on the DJ Basin in Colorado, raised $633 million in its IPO. The company priced 33.3 million shares at $19 per share (above $15-$18 range), and will trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol XOG. Credit Suisse was listed as left lead underwriter. Shareholders include Yorktown Energy Partners, BlackRock and affiliates of Neuberger Berman. www.extractionog.co"
"  Inghams Group Ltd., an Australian poultry producer owned by TPG Capital, expects to be valued at around A$1.5 billion when it soon completes what could be the country’s largest IPO of 2016. Read more"
" Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) has acquired FameBit, a Toronto-based marketplace for businesses to work with YouTube influencers, for an undisclosed amount from backers like Science Inc., Read more"
" Partners Group and Argan Capital have hired Lazard to find a buyer for Delsey, a French luggage and travel accessories maker, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be valued at upwards of $500 million. Read more"
 Stanley Black & Decker (NYSE: SWK) has agreed to buy the tools business of Newell Brands (NYSE: NWL) for $1.95 billion. Read more
" TD Bank Group (TSX: TD) has agreed to sell its European direct investing business to Interactive Investor, a UK-based online stockbroker backed by MMC Ventures. No financial terms were disclosed. www.iii.co.u"
" Volpi Capital is targeting €300 million for its debut fund, which will focus on mid-market European buyouts, according to Dow Jones. The firm was co-founded by Crevan O’Grady (ex-3i Group) and Marco Sodi (ex- Veronis Suhler Stevenson). Read more"
"  Egon Durban and Simon Patterson, managing directors at Silver Lake, will resign from the Intelsat SA (NYSE: I) board of directors at year-end. www.intelsat.co"
" Casey Simmons has joined Siemens Venture Capital as a principal, per his LinkedIn account. He previously was with Adveq. www.siemens.co"
 Sorenson Capital has promoted Len Blackwell to managing director of portfolio operations. He’s been with the Salt Lake City-based private equity firm since 2006. www.sorensoncapital.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Some quick items to kick off your Thursday...
" Apaxed: Dan O'Keefe began his growth equity career back in 1999 as an associate at Apax Partners which, at the time, had a thriving U.S. and international venture capital practice. But the firm later doubled down on buyouts and left the earlier-stage world largely behind. Now O'Keefe is rejoining the firm as a New York-based managing partner, charged with building out a focused growth equity team"
"O'Keefe had spent the past six years with Technology Crossover Ventures, where his board seats included Rent the Runway and SeatGeek, while he also was involved with such portfolio companies as Avvo, Spotify and Vice Media."
"He says that there already is capital to make new investments —targeting check sizes of between $25 million and $100 million — but declined to comment on if Apax will raise a dedicated growth equity fund, or on specific hiring plans."
" Secondary stuff: Adams Street Partners yesterday announced the pending retirement of secondaries chief Jason Gull, who will be succeeded by Jeff Akers. Gull strikes me as a bit young for real retirement (<50 years-old), but he tells me there is no next gig currently lined up"
"Via email: ""Next job is full time husband and father, volunteer for the summit county search and rescue team, volunteer ski patrol at park city mountain resort, and training for Ironman Arizona, etc. Something like that list anyway.  Taking it one day at a time."""
" Unclubbed: Last month I mentioned that we should keep a special eye on the carve-out process for CenturyLink's data center business, because one of the suitors was a four-firm buyout consortium that might portend the return of complex club deals. So, it's worth highlighting yesterday's Reuters news that the club is out of the process, with BC Partners now in pole position"
" Corrections: Yesterday's issue misidentified the stock exchange where Extraction Oil & Gas is trading following its $633 million IPO. The company listed on Nasdaq. Also, Stanley Black & Decker is buying the tools business of Newell Brands for $1.95 billion (we missed a very important decimal point)"
" WeWork, the New York-based co-working space operator, has raised $260 million in additional Series F funding, according to the WSJ. The company held a $430 million first close back in March at a $16 billion valuation and, at the time, had authorized up to $780 million in Series F share sales. New backers include  Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels. Read more"
" TouchBistro, a Toronto-based maker of an iPad restaurant point-of-sale app, has raised C$17 million in Series B funding. BDC IT Venture Fund led the round, and was joined by Round13 Capital, Huff Capital and return backers Relay Ventures and Kensington Capital Partners. www.touchbistro.co"
" Axial Healthcare Inc., a Nashville, Tenn.-based pain medication and pain care management startup, has raised $16.5 million in Series B funding. Oak HC/FT led the round, and was joined by return backers .406 Ventures, BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners and Sandbox Advantage Fund. www.axialhealthcare.co"
" VenueNext, a Santa Clara, Calif-based “connected venue technology platform,” has raised $15 million in Series B funding led by Causeway Media Partners. www.venuenext.co"
" FourKites, a Chicago-based platform for real-time shipment tracking and visibility, has raised $13 million in Series A funding. Bain Capital Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Hyde Park Venture Partners, Hyde Park Angels and Otter Consulting. www.fourkites.co"
" ComplyAdvantage, a London-based startup that uses AI and machine learning to help financial firms manage compliance obligations and reduce costs, has raised $8.2 million in Series A funding led by Balderton Capital. www.complyadvantage.co"
" Zylo, an Indianapolis-based SaaS optimization platform, has raised $3.3 million in seed funding. Backers include High Alpha Capital, GGV Capital and SV Angel. www.zylo.co"
" Astronomer, a Cincinnati-based platform for enterprise-scale big data integration, has raised $1.9 million in seed funding. CincyTech led the round, and was joined by AngelPad, 500 Startups, First Ascent, Connetic Ventures, Drummond Road Capital and CoreNetwork. www.astronomer.i"
" Abraaj Group has acquired a minority equity stake in Indorama Fertilizers BV, the largest urea fertilizer manufacturer in sub-Saharan Africa, from Dutch petrochemicals company Indorama Corp. www.abraaj.co"
" Berlin Packaging, a Chicag-based portfolio company of Oak Hill Capital Partners, has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Bruni Glass SpA, a Milan-based provider of premium and specialty glass packaging and accessories, from Ardian. No financial terms were disclosed. www.berlinpackaging.co"
" The Blackstone Group and New Mountain Capital have completed their previously-announced recapitalization of JDA Software Group, a Scottsdale, Ariz.-based provider of supply chain and retail management software, via a $570 million equity investment. New Mountain was the company's existing owner, and the deal came as an alternative to a reported $3 billion purchase offer from Honeywell International (NYSE: HON). www.jda.co"
" Centerbridge Partners and Littlejohn & Co. have become the largest shareholders in Houston-based oil drilling services business Stallion Oilfield Holdings Inc., via a recap with secured lenders and certain equity holders. www.stallionoilfieldco"
" Clearlake Capital Group has sponsored an out-of-bankruptcy recapitalization of Light Tower Rentals Inc., an Odessa, Texas-based specialty equipment rental company focused on oil and gas operations in the prolific Permian Basin. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ltr.co"
" Drilling Info Holdings Inc., an Austin, Texas-based portfolio company of Insight Venture Partners, has agreed to acquire GlobalView Software Inc., a Chicago-based provider of analytics and risk management tools for the energy industry, from CCP Equity Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.marketview.co"
" Gazelle Transportation, a Bakersfield, Calif.-based provider of  crude oil transportation and logistics services, has raised $20 million in private equity funding from EIV Capital. www.gazelletrans.co"
" Silver Lake and Thoma Bravo are prepping takeover bids for Imperva (NYSE: IMPV), a Redwood Shores, Calif.-based online security company currently valued at around $1.7 billion, according to Bloomberg. Earlier reports suggested interest from Cisco Systems, IBM and Forcepoint (owned by Vista Equity Partners and Raytheon). Read more"
" Vision Media Management, a Valencia, Calif.-based portfolio company of CenterGate Capital, has acquired Cinema Scene Marketing, an Overland Park, Kansas-based provider of digital display networks and related promotional products. No financial terms were disclosed. www.visionmediamgmt.co"
" Snapchat has chosen Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs to lead what is expected to be an early 2017 IPO, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Aston Capital has agreed to sell The Radiant Group Inc., a Chantilly, Va.-based provider of Earth imagery and geospatial information solutions to the government sector, to DigitalGlobe Inc. (NYSE: DGI) for $140 million in cash. www.digitalglobe.co"
" Attero, a Dutch waste management company owned by Waterland Private Equity, has received first-round takeover bids from China Gezhouba Group Corp., Beijing Enterprises Holdings Ltd., China Communications Construction and CECEP, according to Bloomberg. The deal could be valued at between $800 million and $1 billion. Read more"
" Hartford Steam Boiler, a unit of Munich Re, has acquired Meshify, a Houston-based startup that connects disconnected devices via industrial IoT. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Mercury Fund, Surge Ventures and two Texas-based angel networks. www.meshify.co"
" Modern Times Group (Oslo: MTG) has agreed to acquire a 35% stake in InnoGames, a German developer and publisher of online and mobile games like Tribal Wars and Forge of Empires, at an enterprise value of €260 million. Sellers include Eight Roads Ventures. www.mtg.co"
" Sun Capital Partners has sold Critical Flow Solutions, a Sandy, Utah-based provider of products and services to the petroleum refining industry, to CIRCOR International Inc. (NYSE: CIR) at a $210 million enterprise value. www.suncappart.co"
" Ultimate Software (Nasdaq: ULTI) has acquired Kanjoya Inc., a San Francisco-based workforce intelligence and analytics platform for enterprises. No financial terms were disclosed. Kanjoya had raised over $16 million in VC funding from firms like Baseline Ventures, Floodgate, Allegro Venture Partners and D.E. Shaw. www.kanjoya.co"
" Affirm Inc., the consumer-focused financial products company led by Max Levchin, has secured a $100 million lending facility from Morgan Stanley"
" Beltone Financial Holding, an Egypt-listed investment bank, has acquired a 60% stake in Auerbach Grayson, a New York-based brokerage focused on global trade execution and market research for institutional investors. No financial terms were disclosed. www.agco.co"
" CarThera, a French developer of medical devices to treat brain disorders, has secured a €5.7 million grant from France’s General Investment Commission. www.carthera.e"
 Kellogg Co. (NYSE: K) has agreed to acquire a control stake in Brazilian biscuit-maker Parati Group via a purchase of Ritmo Investimentos for approximately $431 million in cash. Read more
" Arsenal Capital Partners, a New York-based provider equity firm focused on lower middle-market specialty industrial and healthcare companies, has closed its fourth fund with $1.3 billion in capital commitments. Limited partners include UC Regents, Northwestern Mutual, PPM America, The Eli and Edythe Broad Foundation, PKA AIP, Pictet Alternative Advisors, SAMpension, Unigestion, CalSTRS, PensionDanmark and Sentry Insurance. www.arsenalcapital.co"
" Impact Venture Capital has been launched as a VC firm that will co-invest alongside corporate venture firms, with a focus on several ""global challenges"" (security, energy, etc.). Its co-founders are Dixon Doll (founder of DCM), Eric Ball (ex-Oracle treasurer) and Jack Crawford (ex-Velocity Venture Capital)"
" J-STAR, a Japanese mid-market private equity firm, has secured around $150 million in commitments for a third buyout fund that is targeting a total of $200 million, according to Private Equity International. www.j-star.co.j"
" New State Capital Partners, a New York-based private equity firm focused on the industrial, healthcare services and business services sectors, has closed its first institutional investment fund with $131 million in capital commitments. www.newstatecp.co"
" Redpoint Ventures has raised $180 million for its first China-dedicated private equity fund, per a regulatory filing. www.redpoint.co"
"  Amit Mahajan has joined Crestline Investors, a credit-focused institutional alternative asset manager, to co-lead a new private equity and fund restructuring team (alongside David Philipp, who has been with Crestline since 2013). Mahajan previously was a managing director with Macquarie Asset Management. www.crestlineinvestors.co"
 Claudia Simon has joined Schulte Roth & Zabel as a New York-based partner in the law firm’s M&A and securities group. She previously was with Paul Hastings. www.srz.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The largest private equity fund ever raised was by The Blackstone Group in 2006, with $21.7 billion in capital commitments. Until last night, when SoftBank announced that it is in the process of raising a $100 billion fund focused on the global technology sector."
"I know that Term Sheet is known to occasionally have typo troubles, but this isn't one of those times. $100 billion. As you might imagine, we've got a bunch of notes on this:"
"Details: This is not yet a done deal, but rather a memorandum of understanding between SoftBank and the Public Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (PIF). Under terms of the MOU, SoftBank will commit up to $25 billion over five years, while PIF will contribute $45 billion over the same time period. SoftBank also is in talks with other third-party investors for the remaining $30 billion slug. It will be called the SoftBank Vision Fund, and based in London (a curious choice, given how some other PE firms have moved European staff out of the UK after the Brexit vote)."
"Team: SoftBank Vision Fund will be led by Rajeev Misra, SoftBank's head of strategic finance. Two sources say that Misra was the driving force behind this fund, which was entirely conceived and executed after the exit of former SoftBank president (and de facto investment boss) Nikesh Arora back in June. Other staffers include new hires Nizar Al-Bassam (ex-Deutsche Bank) and Dalinc Ariburnu (Goldman Sachs), plus existing team members like Alex Clavel (ex-Morgan Stanley) and Ervin Tu (Goldman Sachs). Not participating is Ming Ma, who just left SoftBank to join ride-hailing company Grab (a SoftBank portfolio company) as president."
"Structure: My understanding is that SoftBank Vision Fund has a ""very traditional"" private equity structure, which I take to mean something like 2 and 20. If you strip out the GP commitment, that would initially mean a whopping $1.5 billion in annual fees ($900m from PIF alone)."
"Strategy: SoftBank isn't saying too much about targets, although it sounds like this will be a combination of growth equity and buyout deals (the latter possibly with leverage, thus increasing its buying power even further). I wonder if Twitter could end up in its crosshairs, although that may be viewed as too much of a turnaround vs. growth play. The bigger question, however, is if SoftBank is trying to corner this market at the exact wrong time from a valuation perspective ― and if its entry will only further drive up tech prices in the short term."
" Dead garden leave: Mike Harden, a co-founder and senior partner with San Francisco-based ARTIS Ventures, has agreed to a one-year ban from working with his firm, as part of a settlement with the SEC over insider trading by one of his former employees at an affiliated hedge fund. Harden's current portfolio company board seats include Juicero, Practive Fusion, Chefs Feed and Stringify. You can read the full story by going here"
" Breaking: Just as Term Sheet was going to press, Morningstar (Nasdaq: MORN) said that it will buy PitchBook Data for $225 million. More on this in Monday's edition.."
" Tax talk: There has been some discussion about how Donald Trump's plan to change the tax treatment of carried interest (from capital gains to higher ordinary income rates) could be side-stepped via another Trump proposal that would reduce rates on income that comes via pass-thru entities. Wilbur Ross, a longtime private equity exec and Trump economic advisor, said to Bloomberg yesterday that those affected by the carry bump would not benefit from the pass-thru cut, although it's not clear exactly why not"
" Trump talk: Continued radio silence from Peter Thiel and his spokesman. Not even a ""no comment."" On the other hand, Thiel's anti-Gawker attorney Charles Harder did yesterday send a legal threat to People Magazine, on behalf of Melania Trump"
 That's So Mavens: Last month we discussed how the massive Yahoo hack could negatively affect the company's agreement to be acquired for $6.4 billion by Verizon. Now it seems that Verizon is publicly agreeing
"Specifically, Verizon general counsel Craig Silliman told reporters that his company has ""reasonable basis"" to consider the breach to be a material event, which theoretically gives Verizon the opportunity to bail. I say ""theoretically"" because a Delaware court would have to agree, and that's about as likely as the Cleveland Browns winning this year's Super Bowl (technically possible, but no sane person would bet on it)."
"Three notes on this: (1) It's interesting that Silliman is going with the material effect argument, rather than a misrepresentation (i.e., that Yahoo knew about the breach when it signed the deal, but didn't tell Verizon). That suggests that Yahoo legitimately learned about the hack subsequent to signing the deal. (2) Given the improbability of succeeding in Delaware court, this is likely just a renegotiation strategy by Verizon, and perhaps suggests that Yahoo has been resistant to the idea of slashing $1 billion or so off the purchase price. (3) The ""reasonable basis"" suggests that there has been a significant drop-off in Yahoo user activity."
 Have a great weekend... Go Pats
" Iora Health, a Boston-based primary care company, has raised $75 million in Series D funding. Temasek led the round, and was joined by return backers .406 Ventures, Flare Capital Partners, F-Prime Capital, GE Ventures, Khosla Ventures, Polaris Partners and Rice Management Company. Read more"
" mParticle, a New York-based customer data platform ""built for mobile,"", has raised $17.5 million in Series B funding. Bain Capital Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backer Social Capital. www.mparticle.co"
" Webscale Networks, a Mountain View, Calif.-based provider of, has raised $12 million in Series A-1 funding. Mohr Davidow Ventures led the round, and was joined by Benhamou Global Ventures, Grotech and Silicon Valley Bank. www.webscalenetworks.co"
" Veeba Food Services, an India-based specialty food ingredients manufacturer, has raised $6 million in third-round funding from Saama Capital and Verlinvest. www.veeba.i"
" Virgil Security Inc., a Manassas, Va.-based developer of cryptography software for app developers, has raised $4 million in Series A funding. KEC Ventures led the round, and was joined by Bloomberg Beta, Blu Venture Investors, Charge Ventures, NextGen Venture Partners, Sparkland Capital, and Working Lab Capital. www.virginsecurity.co"
" Returnly, a Larkspur, Calif.-based return platform for e-commerce purchases, has raised $3.2 million in new VC funding. Index Ventures led the round, and was joined by SV Angel, FJ Labs, Mundiventures and individual angels. Read more"
" Baroo, a Boston-based pet concierge operating in urban luxury multifamily properties, has raised $2.25 million in seed funding. Birchaven Group led the round, and was joined by Crimson Peak, Krillion Ventureds, Sueco and Jeff Bussgang’s The Graduate Syndicate. www.baroo.c"
" Apollo Global Management is nearing a final agreement to purchase the Australian coal assets of Anglo American (LSE: AAL) for more than $1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Argand Partners has acquired Sigma Electric Manufacturing, a Garner, N.C.-based provider of small, technically-complex metal components to the North American commercial infrastructure, power transmission and industrial products markets. No financial terms were disclosed. www.sigmaelectric.co"
" BC Partners and Indian pharma company Lupin have been short-listed for the medical skin cream business of Bayer, which could be valued at around €1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" CIC Partners has acquired a majority stake in Activa Resources LLC, a San Antonio, Texas-based oil and gas company focused on acquiring legacy oil and gas fields and applying new optimization technology. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cicpartners.co"
" Genesis Park, a Houston-based private equity firm, has acquired the assets of Texas Monthly magazine for $25 million for Emmis Communications Corp. (Nasdaq: EMMS). www.texasmonthly.co"
" Niteo Products LLC, a car wash products company owned by Highlander Partners, has acquired certain assets of AP Formulators Inc., a South Houston, Texas-based formulator of car wash chemicals. No financial terms were disclosed. www.niteoproducts.co"
" Nordic Consulting, a Madison, Wis.-based health IT consulting company, has secured an undisclosed amount of equity funding from Silversmith Capital Partners. The deal is being referred to as a minority recap. Existing Nordic Consulting shareholders have included HLM Venture Partners, Kaiser Permanente Ventures, SV Life Sciences and Health Enterprise Partners. Read more"
" Prospect Medical Holdings, a portfolio company of Leonard Green & Partners, has acquired the assets of Greater Waterbury Health Network, owner and operator of 20 hospitals and 140 clinics and outpatient centers. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Prospect plans to invest in capital over the next seven years for facilities development and improvement. www.waterburyhospital.or"
" Valagro SpA, an Italy-based maker of biostimulants and specialty nutrients, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Metalmark Capital. www.valagro.co"
 No IPO news this morning
" Fortress Investment Group has hired Barclays and Morgan Stanley to find a buyer for Florida East Coast Railway Corp., a coastal freight operator Fortress acquired for around $3.5 billion in 2007, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" PepsiCo (NYSE: PEP) is in advanced talks to buy KeVita, an Oxnard, Calif.-based maker of probiotic drinks, from KarpRelly and SPK Capital, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Rockbridge Growth Equity has sold Triad Retail Media, a St. Petersburg, Fla.-based provider of digital retail media advertising, to Xaxis, a New York-based programmatic audience company owned by WPP PLC (LSE: WPP). No financial terms were disclosed. www.xaxis.co"
" RSP Permain (NYSE: RSSP) has agreed to acquire Silver Hill Energy Partners, a Dallas-based oil and gas company focused on the Permian Basin, for $2.4 billion in cash from Silver Hill shareholders like Kayne Anderson and Ridgemont Equity Partners. Earlier reports suggested that Diamondback Energy Inc. (Nasdaq: FANG) had been nearing a deal. Read more"
" Vincente Capital Partners has sold VXi Corp., a Dover, N.H.-based maker of noise-cancelling headsets, to Denmark’s GN Audio. No financial terms were disclosed. www.vxicorp.co"
" Xerox (NYSE: XRX) is being sued by shareholder Dan Deason, who seeks to block the company’s plan to spin off its document outsourcing business into a separate, publicly-traded company. Read more"
" Ardian has launched a mid-market direct private equity business in North American, in partnership with Seven Mile Capital Partners, and plans to raise a dedicated fund of between $500 million and $600 million, according to Private Equity International. Read more"
 Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors has closed its seventh flagship energy private equity fund with approximately $2 billion in capital commitments. www.kaynecapital.co
"  Matt Grimm has stepped down as a principal with Mithril Capital Management, which he had joined in late 2014 after six years as an engineer with Palantir Technologies. No word yet on his future plans"
"  Martin Lorentzon is transitioning from chairman to vice chairman of music streaming service Spotify, with his fellow co-founder and company CEO, Daniel Ek, assuming the chairman role. Read more"
"  Ming Maa has joined Grab, a Singapore-based ride-hailing app, as president. He previously was with SoftBank, where he worked on investments such as the Tokyo-based company’s Series D and Series F deals with Grab. www.grab.co"
"  Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) is publicly asking PResident Obama to replace SEC chair Mary Jo White, saying that White is not doing enough to protect investors. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheer
"Canadian public pension funds have long been part of the private equity landscape, primarily as passive investors in third-party funds managed by large buyout firms. But over the past decade, certain public pensions — particularly the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan — have become more like the buyout firms themselves, actually acquiring and managing private companies. Particularly in the United States, where both CPPIB and OTPP have opened offices."
"This development has been discussed a lot in terms of what it means for pension returns, but there is one quirk that has gotten scant attention: When these systems buy and sell a U.S. company, they don't pay any taxes to the U.S. government. Nor do they pay any taxes to the Canadian government."
The end result is that CPPIB and OTPP have a lower cost of capital than do many of the corporations and buyout firms with which they are competing for takeovers.
"Here's how it works: When a Canadian entity purchases a U.S. company and later sells it for a profit, it is not required to pay capital gains taxes to Washington. Nor is it required to pay U.S. taxes on interest, and just 5% on dividends. That's all because Canada has a comprehensive tax treaty with the U.S., which generally supposes that the buyer will pay appropriate taxes in its home country. And this is what would happen if a typical Canadian entity purchased and sold a U.S. company."
"The difference with the Canadian public pensions, however, is that they are tax-exempt at home."
"So just imagine that CPPIB is competing with KKR to purchase a Wisconsin-based widget maker. Each group views the business as being valued at around $100 million, with a belief that it could double the enterprise value in four years. For KKR and its investors, that would mean a net gain of $100 million ― around $20 million of which would go to KKR partners in the form of carried interest (on which they'd be required to pay capital gains taxes). Some of KKR's limited partners also would be required to pay capital gains taxes on their share of the $80 million."
"What all of that means is that while CPPIB and KKR are modeling identical return multiples, the actual cash return for CPPIB is significantly higher than is is for KKR. As such, CPPIB likely could justify paying a bit more for the asset, giving it a competitive advantage."
"""In our experience, having partnered with many PE investors on a 50/50 basis, we have been able to arrive at similar pricing on deals demonstrating that there is relative equality when it comes to our tax positions,"" says a CBBIP spokeswoman."
Except that agreeing to participate in a sponsor-led co-invest and having the flexibility to slightly overpay on a solo deal are different things (particularly when also invested as an LP with the aforementioned sponsor). And it's hard to believe that CPPIB and other Canadian pensions haven't figured that out yet...
" Deal in progress: Multiple sources say that Argosy Partners and MTN Capital Partners are nearing a deal to purchase Rita's Water Ice, a chain of Italian ice concept restaurants, from Falconhead Capital. No final agreement yet, but lots of activity"
" Deal not in progress: Silver Lake is not making a takeover bid for  Imperva  (NYSE: IMPV), a Redwood Shores, Calif.-based online security company currently valued at around $1.6 billion. There was a recent report that both Silver Lake and Thoma Bravo were prepping bids but, from my understanding, at least the former is incorrect (I've been unable to get info ― yet ― on Thoma Bravo interest)"
" Naspers Ltd. has agreed to sell Polish online auction site Allegro to a private equity consortium of Cinven, Permira and Mid Europa Partners for $3.253 billion. Read more"
" Prelude, a comprehensive fertility startup founded by Martín Varsavsky, has raised $200 million in funding led by Lee Equity Partners. Read more"
" Snapsheet, a Chicago-based provider of virtual claims technology and services, has raised $20 million in Series C funding. F-Prime Capital and IA Capital Group co-led the round, and were joined by Liberty Mutual Strategic Ventures, Intact Ventures and USAA. www.snapsheetapp.co"
" KodaCloud, a Campbell, Calif.-based provider of cloud-based WiFi for enterprise customers, has raised $10 million in Series A funding from Comcast Ventures, Celtic House Venture Partners and Voyager Capital. www.kodacloud.co"
" VMRay GmbH, a German provider of agentless threat analysis and detection solutions, has raised $3.9 million in Series A funding from eCapital Entrepreneurial Partners and High-Tech Gründerfonds. www.vmray.co"
" Aramisauto, a French online used-car marketplace, has raised an undisclosed amount of strategic funding from PSA Group, a French auto company whose brands include Peugeot, and Citroën. www.aramisauto.co"
" The Carlyle Group has acquired an undisclosed stake in ProKarma, an Omaha, Neb.-based IT services company. No financial terms were disclosed. Sellers include Endeavor Capital. www.prokarma.co"
" Court Square Capital Partners has acquired an undisclosed stake in Terra Millennium Corp., a Richmond, Calif.-based industrial services company. No financial terms were disclosed. www.tmcorp.co"
" EQT Partners is expected to receive several non-binding private equity offers for BSN Medical, a German bandage and plaster cast maker that it is seeking to sell for around €3 billion, according to Reuters. Bidders are expected to include BC Partners, The Blackstone Group and CVC Capital Partners, with J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley helping to manage the process. Read more"
" GTCR has acquired Riverchase MSO LLC, a Fort Myers, Fla.-based dermatology practice management business. No financial terms were disclosed, except that debt financing was provided by Golub Capital, NXT Capital and Northwestern Mutual. www.riverchasedermatology.co"
" Onex Corp. has agreed to acquire Save-A-Lot, an Earth City, Mo.-based grocery store chain, from Supervalu Inc. (NYSE: SVU) for $1.37 billion in cash. Read more"
" Premier Research, a middle-market contract research organization for the life sciences market, has secured an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Metalmark Capital. www.premier-research.co"
" Pritzker Group Private Capital has agreed to acquire ProAmpac, a Cincinnati-based maker of flexible packaging, from Wellspring Capital Management. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Tecomet Inc., a Wilmington, Mass.-based contract manufacturer for the medical device and aerospace industries, has acquired Mountainside Medical, a Boulder, Colo.-based provider of medical device components and instruments used in minimally-invasive surgical devices. Tecomet is a portfolio company of Genstar Capital, and reportedly is on the block for more than $1 billion. www.tecomet.co"
" TSG Consumer Partners has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Duckhorn Wine Co., owner and operator of six wineries in Napa Valley, from GI Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.duckhorn.co"
" Acushnet Holding, a Fairhaven, Mass.-based maker of golf products under such brands as Titleist and Footjoy, has set its IPO terms to 19.33 million shares being offered at between $21 and $24 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $1.67 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company. The plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol GOLF, with J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley serving as lead underwriters. It reports $54 million of net income on $903 million in revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include Mirae Asset Securities and the Blackstone Group. www.titleist.co"
" BlackLine Systems, a Woodland Hills, Calif.-based accounting software company, has set its IPO terms to 8.6 million shares being offered at between $13 and $15 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $690 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol BL, with Goldman Sachs serving as lead underwriter. It reports around a $17 million net loss on $56 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to an $11 million net loss on $37 million in revenue for the year-earlier period. Shareholders include Silver Lake Sumeru (47% pre-IPO stake) and ICONIQ (23.1%). www.blackline.co"
" Cofco Meat Holdings, a Chinese pork producer, has set its Hong Kong IPO terms to between HK$2 and HK$2.65 per share, with plans to offer 975.6 million shares. Pre-IPO shareholders include KKR, Baring Private Equity Asia, Hopu Investment Management Co. and Boyu Capital. Read more"
" Quantenna Communications Inc., a Fremont, Calif.-based provider of Wi-Fi video networking for whole-home entertainment, has set its IPO terms to 6.7 million shares being offered at between $14 and $16 per share. It would have an initial market cap of approximately $492 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade ticker symbol QTNA, with Morgan Stanley, Barclays and Deutsche Bank serving as lead underwriters. Quantenna reports a $1.95 million net loss on around $57.5 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, compared to a $7.4 million net loss on $36.6 million in revenue for the year earlier period. It has raised around $166 million in VC funding from firms like Sequoia Capital (24.73% pre-IPO stake), Rusano (10.39%), Venrock (10.22%), Sigma Partners (9.41%), Southern Cross Venture Partners (8.88%), DAG Ventures (8.32%), Centerview Capital Technology, Vivint and NTT Group. www.quantennaco"
" ZTO Express Inc., a Chinese express package delivery company, has set its IPO terms to 72.1 million shares being offered at between $16.50 and $18.50 per share. The company would have a fully-diluted market cap of around $12.8 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. It plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol ZTO, with Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs (Asia) serving as lead underwriters. ZTO reports $115 million of net income on $639 million of revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include Sequoia Capital and Warburg Pincus. Read more"
" Continental AG, a German car components maker, has acquired Hornschuch, a German maker of products like functional foams and artificial leather for automobiles and other applications, from EquiStone Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Lion Capital has agreed to sell GHD, a London-based maker of hairstyling products, to Coty Inc. (NYSE: COTY) for £420 million. Read more"
" Cisco Systems (Nasdaq: CSCO) has acquired Heroic Labs (dba Worklife), a San Francisco-based provider of meeting productivity software. No financial terms were disclosed. www.cisco.co"
" The Delivery Group, a postal services company owned by Next Wave Partners, has secured an undisclosed amount of debt financing from Apollo Global Management, according to Private Equity International. Proceeds will be used, in part, to finance a new acquisition and to refinance existing debt. Read more"
" Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE) will be required to sell Trayport, a London-based maker of commodities trading software, in order to satisfy British antitrust concerns. Read more"
" Mentor Graphics Corp. (Nasdaq: MENT), a Wilsonville, Ore.-based maker of chip design software with a $2.9 billion market cap, has hired Bank of America to explore strategic alternatives (including a potential sale), according to Reuters. Read more"
" PZU, a Polish state-run insurer, in in talks to acquire Poland-based Bank Pekao from Italy’s Unicredit SpA. Read more"
 Steinhoff International of South Africa has agreed to acquire Australian home-goods retailer Fantastic Holdings (ASX: FAN) for A$361 million. Read more
 Audax Group has closed its third senior loan fund with $500 million in capital commitments. www.audaxgroup.co
" Daphni, a Paris-based seed and early-stage VC firm, has raised €150 million for its debut fund. Read more"
" K-Fund, a Spanish early-stage VC firm, has raised €50 million for its debut fund. Read more"
" Metalmark Capital is targeting $1.5 billion for its third mid-market private equity fund, according to Dow Jones. www.metalmarkcapital.co"
" Welkin Capital, a Hong Kong-based VC and growth equity firm, is raising upwards of $200 million for its second fund, according to a regulatory filing. It already has secured $59.5 million. www.welkincapital.co"
  Damon Conway has joined Atlas Partners as a principal. He previously was with Mill Road Capital. www.atlaspartners.co
 Jason Fertig has joined Mizuho Americas as a managing director and head of North American healthcare investment banking. He previously served in a similar role for Nomura. www.mizuhoamericas.co
 Vanessa Larco has joined New Enterprise Associates as a partner. She previously was with Box as director of product management for mobile and web. www.nea.co
 Joan Tan has joined fund placement agent Sixpoint Partners as a Hong Kong-based managing director and head of Asia distribution. She previously was a managing director and head of China for Diamond Dragon Advisors
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheer
Some (belated) notes to kick off your Tuesday...
" Personnel scoop: Nicholas Westphal has stepped down as director of corporate strategy and development at Intuit, in order to help lead North American tech investments for Caisse de Depot et placement du Quebec"
"He had been with Intuit for just around one year, after a four-year run as director of strategy and development with Juniper Networks. Before that, Westphal spent time as a vice president with private equity firms AEA Investors and Bain Capital. No comment from either CDPQ or Intuit (the latter of which is said to have used Jamesbeck Global Partners for the search)."
" Thiel talk: Silicon Valley is buzzing about Peter Thiel's recent $1.25 million donation to Donald Trump's campaign, and the subsequent decision by Y Combinator to keep Thiel aboard as a part-time partner (despite YC CEO Sam Altman's stated distaste for the candidate, and Prioject Include cutting ties with YC as a result). My colleague Kia Kokalitcheva has a full roundup here"
"I'm interested in your thoughts on all this (note: Thiel is not a formal YC employee, so California anti-discrimination laws aren't applicable). Should a startup incubator not formally affiliate with a major financial donor to a political candidate who has made discriminatory policy proposals and bragged about sexual assault -- particularly in a startup ecosystem that is demonstrably difficult for women and minority entrepreneurs? Or does this make the slope waayyy too slippery, and possibly make a different group of potential entrepreneurs feel unwelcome?"
"A lot of this could be made easier if Thiel would give a public interview on all of this, rather than just letting his checkbook do the talking. But since that doesn't seem to be coming, what think you?"
" Deal data: Morningstar last week announced plans to buy PitchBook Data, a provider of VC and private equity information, for around $225 million. We've since received a memo sent to PitchBook employees by company founder and CEO John Gabbert, which contains some additional information"
"PitchBook currently has 1,800 customers (representing 8k users), and expects to book $50 million in 2016 revenue (2017 goal is $80m).None of the company's 600 employees will be laid off.Less than 5% of current PitchBook clients also are Morningstar clients.""The initial business plan called for $3.8 million in financing and we built it together into a real business for $3.7 million."""
" Nothing to see here: Tiger Woods made some social media waves yesterday, with an Instagram post announcing the launch of Tiger Woods Ventures. No additional information, leading many to assume the golfer was following basically every other famous person into the startup investing game. But, this morning, Fast Company has a deeper dive, saying that TWV is instead ""a new company that will house a portfolio of Woods-related businesses."
" Submit submit submit: The Sunes.is venture performance project is going swimmingly so, if you haven't yet signed up and entered information, please do so soon (here's the website). The team will begin adding rankings by the end of November, although you'll have through year-end to enter data before the initial info release. And, please remember that full partnership data is preferable to submissions by individual partners, since the former aids in attribution fact-checking"
" Book binge: Backstage Capital has launched a cool program called Cover, which is donating startup-related books to aspiring entrepreneurs. To learn more, or to donate, please go here"
" 67k and counting: Every time I add another thousand Twitter followers, I ask you to join the others so we can chat/argue/snark throughout the day. Really, it's the best way for us to stay in touch (hint, hint). Follow me @danprimack"
" Heal, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based provider of on-demand doctor house calls, has raised $26.9 million in Series A funding. Tull Investment Group led the round, and was joined by Breyer Capital, Paul Jacobs (Qualcomm exec chair), David Ellison (CEO of Skydance Media) and return backers HashtagOne and Slow Ventures. The company has now raised a total of $40 million. Read more"
" True North Therapeutics, a South San Francisco-based developer of drugs for complement-mediated diseases, has raised $45 million in Series D funding. HBM Partners and Redmile Group were joined by Franklin Templeton Investments and return backers like Perceptive Advisors. www.truenorthrx.co"
" Science 37, a Los Angeles-based provider of tech-enabled clinical research solutions, has raised $31 million in Series B funding. Lux Capital and dRx Capital co-led the round, and were joined by Sanofi Genzyme BioVentures. www.science37.co"
" Veritas Genetics, a Boston-based genetic testing startup, has raised $30 million in Series B funding. Trustbridge Partners and Jiangsu Simcere Pharmaceutical were joined by return backer Lilly Asia Ventures. www.veritasgenetics.co"
" SecureKey Technologies Inc., a Toronto-based provider of identity and authentication solutions, has raised C$27 million in growth equity funding from BMO Bank of Montreal, Bank of Nova Scotia, CIBC, Desjardins, Royal Bank of Canada and TD Bank. www.securekey.co"
" Baobab Studios, a Redwood City, Calif.-based VR animation studio, has raised $25 million in Series B funding. Horizons Ventures led the round, and was joined by 20th Century Fox, Evolution Media Partners, Shanghai Media Group, Youku Global Media Fund and LDV Partners. Read more"
" SafetyCulture, an Australian provider of mobile workforce safety software, has raised US$23 million in Series B funding. Index Ventures led the round, and was joined by Blackbird Ventures and return backer Scott Farquhar (co-founder of Atlassian). www.safetyculture.co"
" ContentSquare, a New York-based experience optimization platform for online and mobile businesses, has raised $20 million in Series B funding led by Highland Europe. www.contentsquare.co"
" Zipwhip, a Seattle-based business texting solutions startup, has raised $9 million in Series B funding. Voyager Capital led the round, and was joined by Microsoft Ventures, General Communication Inc. and Inteliquent. www.zipwhip.co"
" CloudLex Inc., a New York-based provider of software for the U.S. civil litigation industry, has raised $3.7 million in Series A funding led by Aligned Partners. www.cloudlex.co"
" Joy, a San Francisco-based “interactive photo album that allows you to curate and share your favorite photos with friends and family,” has raised $2.5 million in seed funding from Obvious Ventures, BoxGroup, The Chernin Group and Maywic Select Investments. www.joy.c"
" Irvin Automotive Products Inc., a Pontiac, Mich.-based provider of interior trim products for automotive OEMs, has secured an undisclosed amount of equity and subordinated debt financing from Cyprium Partners. www.irvinautomotive.co"
" Mazarine Energy, a Dutch oil and gas company backed by The Carlyle Group, has agreed to acquire 19 Romanian onshore oil fields from Australia’s OMV for an undisclosed amount. Read more"
" Neogov, an El Segundo, Calif.-based talent management software platform for the government sector, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Warburg Pincus. www.neogov.co"
" Ship Supply International, a Miami, Fla.-based port logistics company owned by H.I.G. Capital, has acquired Kamil Ship Supply, a Mobile, Ala.-based provider of last-mile delivery for perishable goods and deck and engine maintenance products to commercial vessels. www.shipsup.co"
" St. George Logistics, a South Kearny, N.J.-based portfolio company of Wind Point Partners, has acquired AZ Corp., a Linden, N.J-based provider of container freight station services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.stgusa.co"
" Myovant Sciences Inc., a drug company focused on women's health diseases and other endocrine-related disorders, has set its IPO terms to 13 million shares at between $12 and $15 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $790 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The pre-revenue company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol MYOV, with Citigroup listed as left lead underwriter. Shareholders include Roviant Sciences (85.4% pre-IPO stake) and Takeda Pharma (12%). www.myovant.co"
" PNB Housing Finance Ltd., an Indian residential financing company owned by The Carlyle Group, is seeking to raise upwards of $450 million in a local IPO. Read more"
"  Ra Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Cambridge, Mass.-based drug discovery company focused on diseases caused by excessive or uncontrolled activation of the complement system, has set its IPO terms to 5.8 million shares at between $12 and $14 per share. It would have an initial market cap of around $263 million, were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol RARX, with Credit Suisse listed as left lead underwriter. Ra Pharma has raised around $85 million in VC funding from firms like NEA, Canvas Ventures, Novartis Bioventures, Novo AS and Lightstone Ventures. www.rapharma.co"
" Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc. (NYSE: DKS) is preparing a bid for the U.S. business of Golfsmith International Holdings, a bankrupt retailer owned by OMERS Private Equity, according to Reuters. Read more"
" KT Capital Partners has sold ON Event Services LLC, a Norcross, Ga.-based provider of audio-visual production services for live events, to a subsidiary of Viad Corp. (NYSE: VVI). No financial terms were disclosed. www.oneventservices.co"
" Caltex Australia Ltd. (ASX: CTX) has offered to acquire the fuel station chain of Woolworths Ltd. (ASX: WOW), which earlier reports suggested could be valued at around A$1.5 billion. Read more"
" Razer, a Carlsbad, Calif.-based maker of interactive gaming hardware, has acquired THX, an audio and video quality assurance company founded by George Lucas. No financial terms were disclosed. Razer has raised around $125 million in VC funding from firms like IDG-Accel China Capital Fund and Digital Grid (Hong Kong) Technology Co. Read more"
 Taiyo Oil Co. of Japan has agreed to acquire the offline Okinawa refinery and related assets of Brazil state-owned Petroleo Brasileiro SA for $129.3 million. Read more
" ThreatMetrix, a San Jose, Calif.-based digital identity company, has raised $30 million in mezzanine debt financing from Silicon Valley Bank. www.threatmetrix.co"
" William Hill PLC (LSE: WMH), a British bookmaker, said that it is no longer in multi-billion dollar merger talks with Amaya Inc. (TSX: AYA), the Canadian owner of PokerStars. Read more"
" Auxo Investment Partners, a Grand Rapids, Mich.-based private equity firm focused on small-cap companies in the Manufacturing, industrial, value-added distribution or business services industries, is raising upwards of $50 million for its debut fund. The firm is led by former Blackford Capital pros Jeff Helminski and Jack Kolodny, plus current Enterplast chairman and CEO Fred Tedori. www.auxopartners.co"
" Ysios Capital, a Spanish venture capital firm focused on the healthcare space, has closed its second fund with €126.4 million in capital commitments. www.ysioscapital.co"
  Damon Conway has joined Altas Partners as a principal. He previously was with Mill Road Capital. www.altaspartners.co
"  Dinesh Moorjani has joined Comcast Ventures as a Santa Monica, Calif.-based managing director. He previously was an executive-in-residence with Warburg Pincus (where he will remain an advisor) and previously was founder and CEO of Hatch Labs (where he co-founded Tinder). www.comcastventures.co"
" Sasha Said has joined Leerink Transformation Partners, a healthcare IT and services-focused growth equity firm, as a Boston-based vice president. She previously was with Waypoint Capital. www.LTPequity.co"
" Mark Schwartz is stepping down as chairman of Asia-Pacific at Goldman Sachs, although he will remain a senior advisor with the firm (relocating from Beijing to New York). Read more"
" David Spaight has joined Arsenal Capital Partners as an operating partner in the firm’s healthcare group. He most recently was chairman and CEO of WIL Research Co., which was acquired earlier this year for $585 million by Charles River Laboratories (NYSE: CRL). www.arsenalcapital.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheer
A bunch of notes to kick off your Wednesday...
" Long date: The Carlyle Group this morning announced that it has closed its first long-dated fund at $3.6 billion. I spoke briefly with fund co-heads Eliot Merrill and Tyler Zachem, who say the vehicle will focus on companies that normally would be on Carlyle's buyout radar, but where the ownership structure (family-owned, etc.) makes a longer hold period more attractive to sellers (8-10 yrs vs. 3-5 yrs). In fact, Zachem says the initial impetus was seeing such opportunities come through the door, but not ultimately get done"
"To be clear, this isn't a Berkshire-like permanent capital vehicle, as it is structured for eventual exits. Moreover, fundraising cycles may actually be similar to that of traditional private equity, with $1.1 billion of the fund already committed to four deals (3 closed, the final one closing next month)."
" Fund scoop: Bowery Capital has closed its second fund with $60 million in capital commitments. For the uninitiated, this is the seed and early-stage firm launched in 2013 by Mike Brown, who previously co-founded and led AOL's corporate venture program. The investment thesis remains focused on enterprise software startups benefiting from (and enabling) broader corporate tech adoption, with a heavy platform emphasis on helping portfolio companies scale up early revenue"
"New York-based Bowery raised $33 million for its debut fund (including a small slug from AOL, which wasn't invited back in), and Brown says the larger fund size mostly reflects a desire to increase check sizes (""more because of the paid-in capital side than the valuation side""), plus continue to build out its support staff (including on the West Coast, where Bowery currently has two venture partners). Existing portfolio companies include mParticle, Premise, Transfix and TrackMaven."
" Meet the new boss... Money.net, an upstart financial terminal company with aspirations of someday besting Bloomberg, yesterday announced the addition of Norm Pearlstine as chief information architect"
"It's an intriguing hire for the financial info world given that Pearlstine is the onetime chief content officer for Bloomberg, where he first got to know Money.net founder and CEO Morgan Downey. And it's of particular interest in this space because Pearlstine: (a) Spent time with The Carlyle Group after leaving Bloomberg; (b) Was until recently my boss' boss, as chief content officer of Time Inc. (where he remains vice chairman). And that latter connection is of additional interest here, given that Pearlstine tells me that he once tried to bring Money.net into Time Inc., ""but for understandable reasons it didn't work out, since it's a bit far afield for a consumer media company."""
"Pearlstine also tried to downplay the Bloomberg competition, pointing out that Money.net is still in its relative infancy and that he needs to build out a team of journalists to work with the company's developers and better understanding client needs. At the same time, however, he sees parallels to Bloomberg's early days: ""Today they have a formidable news organization, but they started in 1990 with six employees getting up early and summarizing what was in the newspapers. We now have tools available to us that are far superior."""
 Thanks: Tons of feedback yesterday on the Y Combinator/Thiel/Trump/Altman stuff. Hope to address tomorrow
" Media pet peeve: ""Leaked"" and ""hacked"" are not synonyms"
" Long garden leave: Warburg Pincus today announced that it has hired Goldman Sachs vet TJ Carella as a managing director focused on healthcare investments. If that sounds familiar, it's probably because we first reported on the move back in March"
" Utz Quality Foods Inc. of Hanover, Penn. has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from Metropoulos & Co., representing the first outside investment ever in the 95 year-old maker of potato chips and other snack foods. Read more"
" Oblong Industries, a Los Angeles-based developer of visual collaboration software, has raised $65 million in growth equity funding. Greenspring Associates, Industry Ventures and UTIMCO were joined by return backers Foundry Group and Morgan Stanley. www.oblong.co"
" Zumper, a San Francisco-based home and apartment rental platform, has raised $17.6 million in Series B funding. Breyer Capital and Foxhaven Asset Management co-led the round, and were joined by return backers Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers (KPCB), Goodwater Capital, xfund, Scott Cook and Marcus & Millichap. www.zumper.co"
" Leanplum, a San Frsncisco-based mobile marketing startup, has raised $29 million in Series C funding. Canaan Partners led the round, and was joined by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Shasta Ventures. www.leanplum.co"
" Oryx Vision, an Israel-based developer of solid state depth sensing solutions for autonomous vehicles, has raised $17 million in Series A funding. Bessemer Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Maniv Mobility and Trucks VC. www.oryxvision.co"
" Furlenco, an Indian online furniture rental platform, has raised $15 million in Series B funding led by existing shareholder LightBox Ventures. The company also secured $15 million in new debt funding. www.furlenco.co"
" EMS Drive Inc., developer of a MEMS optical image stabilization actuator for smartphone cameras, has raised $11 million in Series B funding led by Walden International. www.memsdrive.co"
" Ibanfirst, a French provider of foreign exchange and other corporate banking services, has raised €10 million in VC funding led by Xavier Niel. Read more"
" Chorus.ai, an AI platform for improving sales conversations, has raised $6.3 million in first-round funding led by Emergence Capital. www.chorus.a"
" Workspot, a Cupertino, Calif.-based provider of enterprise mobility and remote access solutions, has raised $6.2 million in Series B funding. Presidio Ventures led the round. www.workspot.co"
" TravelTek, a Scottish provider of dynamic tour pricing technology, has raised £5.3 million in VC funding from YFM Equity Partners. www.traveltek.co"
" Ravelin, a London-based machine-learning fraud detection startup, has raised £3 million in new VC funding. Playfair Capital led the round, and was joined by fellow return backers like Amadeus Capital and Passion Capital. www.ravelin.co"
" TrakCell, a Wales-based provider of cellular orchestration technology to aid in the delivery of regenerative therapies, has secured a “multi-million dollar investment” from Telegraph Hill Partners. www.trakcel.co"
" Aavid Thermalloy LLC, a Laconia, N.H.-based portfolio company of Audax Group, has acquired Thermacore, a Lancaster, Penn.-based provider of performance thermal management, electronics cooling and materials solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.thermacore.co"
" BC Partners has agreed to acquire 22 mental health hospitals from Priory Group, owned by Acadia Healthcare (Nasdaq: ACHC), for around £300 million. Read more"
" BelHealth Investment Partners has acquired AHS Staffing, an Edmond, Okla.-based provider of healthcare staffing services focused on placing pharmacy professionals and dialysis travel nurses. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ahsstaffing.co"
" The Blackstone Group is the “lead bidder” to acquire Team Health Holdings (NYSE: TMH), a Knoxville, Tenn.-based provider of outsourced healthcare professional staffing and administrative services to hospitals and other healthcare providers, according to Reuters. Bain Capital was mentioned in an earlier WSJ report as having interest in Team Health, which has a current market cap just south of $3 billion. Read more"
" Connexion Point LLC, a Salt Lake City-based provider of communication lifecycle services for the healthcare industry, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from VSS. www.connexionpoint.co"
" Good Sports Marketing, a Dallas-based hunting accessories company owned by Huron Capital Partners, has acquired HME Products LLC, a Minnesota-based maker of accessory hooks, deer gambles, tree-stand accessories, gloves and other hunting products. No financial terms were disclosed. www.gsmoutdoors.co"
" The Hilb Group, a Richmond, Va.-based portfolio company of ABRY Partners, has acquired Indianapolis-based insurer Fundamental Insurance & Retirement Planning Inc. for an undisclosed amount. www.hilbgroup.co"
" L Catterton is the frontrunner to buy a majority stake in Italian bicycle maker Cicli Pinarello SpA from the founding Pinarello family, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan has agreed to acquire the Canadian business of Constellation Brands Inc. (NYSE: STZ), including both wineries and retail stores, for C$1.03 billion. Read more"
" Orangewood Partners has acquired a majority stake in George Industries LLC, an Endicott, N.Y.-based designer and manufacturer of engineered components for the aerospace, defense, transportation and industrial end markets. No financial terms were disclosed. www.georgeindustries.co"
" PayCommerce, an Edison, N.J.-based enterprise cross-border network for payments disbursement and acceptance, has raised $22 million in private equity funding from Tritium Partners. www.paycommerce.co"
" Wellspring Capital Management has agreed to acquire Hoffmaster Group Inc., an Oshkosh, Wis.-based manufacturer of disposable tableware, from Metalmark Capital. No financial terms were disclosed. www.hoffmaster.co"
" CRISPR Therapeutics AG, a Swiss gene editing company, raised $56 million in its IPO. The company priced 4 million shares at $14 per share, compared to plans to sell 4.7 million at between $15 and $17 per share. The company will  trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol CRSP, while Citigroup, Piper Jaffray and Barclays served as lead underwriters. Crispr has raised around $160 million in VC funding, from firms like Versant Ventures (20.74% pre-IPO stake), Celgene (12.4%), S.R. One (9.69%), New Enterprise Associates (9.69%), Bayer AG (8.01%), Abingworth (7.82%), Vertex Pharmaceuticals (7.6%), Franklin Templeton Investments, New Leaf Venture Partners, Clough Capital Partners and Wellington Capital Management.  www.crisprtx.co"
" Ergon Capital Partners has hired Lazard to find a buyer for Golden Goose Deluxe Brand, an Italian maker of luxury sneakers that could be valued at more than €400 million, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Triton is seeking a buyer for Europart, a Germany-based truck spare parts wholesaler, according to Reuters. The deal could be worth around €300 million. Read more"
" Malwarebytes, a San Jose, Calif.-based behavior-based detection engine for computer threats, has acquired French adware tracker and remover AdwCleaner for an undisclosed amount. Malwarebytes has raised around $80 million in VC funding from Fidelity and Highland Capital Partners. Read more"
 Atlantic Street Capital has closed its third private equity fund with $210 million in capital commitments. www.atlanticstreetcapital.co
" Rethink Education, an education-based VC firm, has closed its second fund with $107.5 million in capital commitments. www.rteducation.co"
 Sofinnova Ventures has closed its tenth biotech-focused VC fund with $650 million in capital commitments. www.sofinnova.co
 Osage University Partners has promoted Matt Cohen to principal. He has been with the VC firm since 2013. www.osageuniversitypartners.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheer
"Peter Thiel has always been something of a Silicon Valley lightening rod, but in the past week he's become its litmus test."
"For the uninitiated, Thiel is a venture capitalist and longtime Republican with libertarian leanings, who earlier this year endorsed Donald Trump for president (after first donating to Carly Fiorina). He spoke at the RNC in Cleveland, and then donated $1.25 million to Trump's campaign after the infamous Access Hollywood tape (plus many of the subsequent sexual assault accusations). Thiel has not publicly commented on Trump's sordid past, instead focusing on the candidate's promise to slash government bureaucracy and inefficiency without being beholden to Republican dogma."
"Given that Silicon Valley bleeds blue in a normal election cycle ― and that even some of its GOP outliers (Meg Whitman, Marc Andreessen, etc.) have deemed Trump particularly unfit for office ― Thiel's actions have caused an uproar, with particular attention being paid to his Facebook board seat and his unpaid role as a part-time advisor to Y Combinator. There have been calls for both Facebook and YC to dump Thiel (something both have refused to do), and just yesterday we heard venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya (a former FB exec who wanted to help manage a Mike Bloomberg run) say at the Vanity Fair Summit that he'd (hypothetically) kick Thiel off the board of a company he controls."
"And I agree with the pitch-forkers. Thiel has to go. Not from his own funds, of course, but from third-party organizations whose continuing embrace of Thiel is a de facto acceptance of his candidate's racist proposals (banning immigrants based on their religion) and pathological misogyny. Thiel isn't publicly endorsing those parts of Trump, but picking a president isn't a trip to the salad bar. You get the whole meal. Thiel's continuing presence at Facebook and YC is a cocky, counterproductive reminder to female and minority entrepreneurs that they are second-class citizens in the white boys club of Silicon Valley."
"Particularly at Facebook, where he plays a very active role (flashback to my Uber/Saudi argument). Had Thiel said many of the things Trump has said, he'd have been fired (as YC's Sam Altman acknowledges). His escalating support cannot be excused because there is a degree of separation. And if YC once banned certain companies from Demo Day because they supported SOPA, it currently can ban a part-time advisor for this."
"This is where it's important to note that I also agree with those who believe this campaign against Thiel is an anti-American witch hunt. For the record, this group happens to include a majority of Term Sheet readers who chimed in via email. For starters, there are laws in California against this very thing, which only don't apply in this particular case because Thiel isn't technically an employee of either Facebook or YC. But clearly the spirit of the law ― which is in the same vein as not being able to fire tenured professors over political speech ― is in play here."
"More importantly, do you really want to codify a culture in which unpopular political opinions cannot be tolerated, in the pursuit of a culture of tolerance? And, remember, Trump is a mainstream political candidate, no matter how inconceivable that may seem to you. If we acknowledge that demographic diversity has intrinsic value to an organization, shouldn't ideological diversity have the same? This isn't the same as tolerating an ISIS apologist in your business midst. He was nominated by a major political party, and there is a reasonable argument supporters can make that macro policy (namely SCOTUS) ""trumps"" temperament."
He's gotta stay.
"I know that part of my job is to stake a claim and make my case. And I actually have written much longer versions of the above arguments, in a bizarre rhetorical battle that reminded me a bit of Ash debating Mirror Ash. In the end, all I knew was that this one wasn't cut-and-dried ― no matter the stridency some others have expressed ― and I couldn't pretend that it was."
"If you believe this is cut-and-dried, then I respect it. I just don't agree."
" Cerberus Capital Management is in talks to acquire the European business of Staples Inc. (Nasdaq: SPLS), according to The Daily Telegraph. Read more"
" EverQuote Inc., a Cambridge, Mass.-based insurance marketplace, has raised $23 million in Series B funding. Savano Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by Stratim Capital, Oceanic Partners and T Capital Partners. www.everquote.co"
" Propeller Health, a Madison, Wis.-based provider of digital solutions for respiratory medicine, has raised $21.5 million in Series C funding. Backers include 3M Ventures, S.R. One, Limited, Hikma Ventures and return backers Safeguard Scientifics and Social Capital. www.propellerhealth.co"
" Ladder, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based provider of life insurance via digital channels, has raised $14 million in Series A funding. Canaan Partners led the round, and was joined by Lightspeed Venture Partners, NYCA and 8VC. www.ladderlife.co"
" Moov, a San Mateo, Calif-based developer of AI-enabled fitness wearables, has raised $12 million in Series B funding. Mangrove Capital led the round, and was joined by BOE Technology Group. www.moov.c"
" Hangar, an Austin, Texas-based developer of autonomous data capture using drone technology, has raised $6.5 million in seed funding led by Lux Capital. www.hangar.co"
" Nvoicepay, a Beaverton, Ore.-based provider of enterprise payment automation software, has raised $10 million in growth equity funding from Napier Park Financial Partners. www.nvoicepay.co"
" Finrise, a Burlingame, Calif.-based online lending company for on-premises healthcare expenses, has raised $5.4 million in seed and venture debt funding. Backers include Mayfield, NFX Guild and WTI. Read more"
" Ritual, a West Hollywood, Calif.-based women’s vitamin startup, has raised $3.5 million in seed funding. Forerunner Ventures led the round, and was joined by Norwest Venture Partners, NEA and return backers Upfront Ventures and Rivet Ventures. Read more"
" Pay By Group, a white-label e-commerce conversion tool that enables cost-splitting, has raised $3.4 million in seed funding led by SparkLabs Global Ventures. www.paybygroup.co"
" Undo, a UK-based provider of software debugging tools, has raised $3.3 million in Series A funding led by Cambridge Innovation Capital. www.undo.i"
" Tribe, a San Francisco-based group messaging app, has raised $3 million in seed funding from Sequoia Capital, Ludlow Ventures, Partech Ventures and Kima Ventures"
" Feedzai, a San Mateo, Calif.-based provider of e-commerce fraud detection solutions, has raised an undisclosed amount of strategic funding from Citi Ventures. www.feedzai.co"
" MapD, a San Francisco-based provider of “GPU powered analytics for the enterprise,” has raised an undisclosed amount of VC funding from In-Q-Tel. www.mapd.co"
" Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec has acquired a $155 million minority stake in TVS Logistics Services Ltd., an Indian provider of logistics and warehousing services, from Goldman Sachs and KKR. The company’s management will acquire the remaining position. Read more"
" Vision Media Management, a Valencia, Calif.-based portfolio company of CenterGate Capital, has acquired Fordela Corp., a San Francisco-based provider of digital asset management, streaming, and video on demand solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.visionmediamgmt.co"
" Forterra Inc., an Irving, Texas-based manufacturer of pipe and precast products, raised $332 million in its IPO. The company priced 18.42 million shares at $18 per share (below $19-$21 range), for an initial market cap of $1.15 billion. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol FRTA, while Goldman Sachs, Citigroup and Credit Suisse served as co-lead underwriters. Forterra reported a $13.4 million net loss (pro forma) for Q1 2016 on $362 million in revenue. www.forterrabp.co"
"  GDS Holdings, a China-based data center operator, has set its IPO terms to 19.25 million shares being offered at between $12 and $14 per share. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol GDS, with Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan serving as co-lead underwriters. It reports a $23.2 million net loss on $67.3 million in revenue for the first half of 2016. Shareholders include ST Telemedia (45.1% pre-IPO stake), SB China Venture Capital (18.1%) and Ping An Insurance (9.9%)"
"  iRhythm Technologies Inc., a San Francisco-based developer of cardiac diagnostic monitoring solutions, raised $107 million in its IPO. The company priced 6.3 million shares at $17 per share, compared to earlier plans to sell 5.35 million shares at between $13 and $15 per share. It will trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol IRTC, while J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley served as lead underwriters. iRhythm reported a $10.6 million net loss on $28.6 million in revenue for the first half of 2016, and has raised nearly $100 million in VC funding from firms like Synergy Life Science Partners (16.39% pre-IPO stake), Norwest Venture Partners (16.01%), Novo AS (13.68%), New Leaf Venture Partners (12.03%), Mohr Davidow Ventures (9.76%) and Kaiser Permanente Ventures (9.37%) and Stanford University. www.irhythmtech.co"
" Cinven has agreed to sell Avio Space Propulsion, an Italy-based space launcher and space propulsion company, to Italy-listed Space2. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Polaris Management has sold Car-O-Liner, a Sweden-based provider of collision repair equipment to the automotive aftermarket, to Snap-On (NYSE: SNA) for $155 million. www.car-o-liner.co"
" Terra Firma Capital Partners is planning to launch a sale process early next year for AWAS Aviation Capital, an Ireland-based aircraft leasing business whose shareholders also include Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Elior Group (Paris: ELIOR) has acquired a minority stake in La Belle Assiette, a France-based provider of online booking for caterers. No financial terms were disclosed. www.labelleassiette.f"
" GNC Holdings (NYSE: GNC), the Pittsburgh-based nutritional supplement retailer with a $1.5 billion market cap, has met with multiple Chinese companies about a possible takeover, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" Kroger Co. (NYSE: KR) is “questioning whether to proceed” with its planned purchase of certain Rite Aid stores from Walgreens Boots Alliance (Nasdaq: WBA), which are being divested by Walgreens in order to satisfy regulatory requirements for its $9.4 billion purchase of Rite Aid (NYSE: RAD). Specifically, Kroger has been told that it cannot shut and integrate certain Rite Aid locations that are adjacent to existing Kroger locations. Read more"
" Tableau Software (NYSE: DATA) earlier this year hired investment bank Qatalyst to explore a possible sale, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Polaris Management, a Danish private equity firm, has closed its fourth fund with approximately $488 million in capital commitments. www.polaris.d"
" Qatar is considering a sovereign wealth commitment to the $100 billion-targeted tech investment fund being raised by SoftBank, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" GE Ventures has promoted Alex de Winter to managing director. He also has relocated to Boston, where he’ll focus on healthcare investments. www.geventures.co"
" Peter Landauer and Jeffery Moy have joined private equity placement firm Harken Capital Securities as managing directors. Landauer has spent the past 12 years with the University of Florida Investment Corp. as director of private investments, where he oversaw a $1.2 billion portfolio. Moy previously was head of private equity for Central Park Group. www.harkencapital.co"
" Jess Lee, founder of Polyvore (acquired by Yahoo). has joined Sequoia Capital as a partner. Read more"
" Tricia Patrick has joined Advent International as a Boston-based managing director focused on retail, consumer and leisure investments. She previously spent 12 years with Bain Capital, most recently as a principal. www.adventinternational.co"
" Vector Capital has promoted Alok Pandy to vice president. He joined the firm in 2014, and sits on the boards of portfolio company Emarsys and ChyronHego. www.vectorcapital.co"
 Adam Whitehead has joined private equity firm CRG (f.k.a. Capital Royalty) as VP of investor relations. He previously was with Crestone Capital Advisors. www.crglp.co
" Bob Williams, who had been with EMC Ventures since 2012, has joined Canaan Partners as a “VC-in-residence,” according to his LinkedIn profile. Prior to EMC, Williams spent a decade with Bay Partners. www.canaan.co"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheer
Some quick notes to kick off your Friday...
" North of the border: Vancouver is abuzz this morning after local stalwart Lululemon said it might move its headquarters out of Canada if it doesn't get an exemption to certain foreign worker rules. But Term Sheet doesn't really cover Canadian labor issues, so let's pivot this to how Campfire Ventures ― a retail-focused VC firm founded in Vancouver by ex-Lululemon execs ― just closed its debut fund with US$31 million in capital commitments (including $6m from BDC)"
"The fund's two full-timers are Brooke Harley (ex-head of biz dev at Lululemon) and Manica Gautam (ex-Citi and Onex, who turned down a Lulu job but, through the process, became close with Harley). It's other two partners ― and members of the investment committee ― are Christine Day (ex-Lulu CEO) and John Currie (ex- Lulu CFO)."
"Gautam tells me that as Campfire was getting launched, she and Harley actually lived together in order to save money, and that the fund's first close last year on C$10 million came from 30 current and former Lululemon employees. So far it has invested nearly C$6 million into four deals: Frank & Oak, Juicero, Figs and Cotopaxi."
" Refresh! I said refresh! For everyone else, the big news earlier this morning was that the Internet briefly broke. Twitter? Down. Spotify? Down. Reddit? Down. Airbnb? Down. My corporate overlord's homepage? Down"
"Early reports suggest a denial-of-service attack against Dyn, a Manchester, N.H.-based DNS company that recently raised $50 million in Series B funding from Pamplona Capital Management on around a $306 million pre-money valuation. Before that it had raised around $50 million from firms like North Bridge Growth Partners and Borealis Ventures."
"So while most talk of unicorns and tech giants revolves around Silicon Valley and New York, it seems a lot of them rely on a relatively low-valued company in New Hampshire..."
" Lee-ving Yahoo: Sequoia Capital yesterday announced that it is bringing on Jess Lee as an investing partner. For the uninitiated, Jess is a onetime Googler (background) who went on to lead fashion e-commerce site Polyvore, which late last year was bought by Yahoo for $230 million. Two notes"
"1. There has been some suggestion that Sequoia pounced after the Verizon deal with Yahoo (where Lee is still working for the next few weeks), or that this was the firm trying to recover from partner Mike Moritz's tone-deaf statement last December about not accepting ""lower standards"" in its search for a female partner. But my understanding is that Sequoia actually first approached Lee before Moritz's comment (thus also well before Verizon deal), but that the recruiting process took over a year."
"2. Sequoia is a bit squirrely when it comes to formal titles, but Lee will have fund economics and a vote on new deals. Basically what most other firms would call a general partner or managing director."
" Complete argument: Based on a number of emails received yesterday, it seems that some folks only read a few paragraphs of yesterday's column on Peter Thiel before throwing it down in disgust. Now I'm fine with throwing things for most any reason but, if this happens to describe you, I'd suggest you first read the full thing.."
 Have a great weekend... Go Pats
 British American Tobacco (LSE: BATS) has offered to acquire the 58% stake it doesn't already down in Reynolds American (NYSE: RAI) for $56.50 per share in cash and stock (20% premium over yesterday's closing price). Read more
" New Dada, a China food delivery offshoot of JD.com (Nasdaq: JD), has raised $50 million in new strategic funding from Wal-Mart. Existing backers include Sequoia Capital and Yuri Milner. Read more"
" BlackThorn Therapeutics, a South San Francisco-based developer of drug treatments for neurobehavioral disorders, has raised $40 million in Series A funding. ARCH Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Johnson & Johnson Innovation, Altitude Life Science Ventures, Mercury Fund, Alexandria Real Estate Equities and an undisclosed crossover fund. www.blackthornrx.co"
" Verdigris, a San Francisco-based developer of AI solutions for smart buildings, has raised $6.7 million in new VC funding. Jabil led the round, and was joined by Verizon Ventures. www.verdigris.c"
" Atipica, a San Mateo, Calif.-based talent discovery engine, has raised $2 million in seed funding. True Ventures led the round, and was joined by Kapor Capital, Precursor Ventures and individual angels. www.atipica.c"
" Apollo Global Management, Bain Capital and Lone Star Funds have been short-listed in the auction for Xella International SA, German building materials company being sold by PAI Partners and Goldman Sachs for around €2 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" CreativeDrive, a New York-based digital content creation network, has acquired local peer Hudson Studios for an undisclosed amount. CreativeDrive is a portfolio company of Bertram Capital Partners. www.creativedrive.co"
" Altice USA is prepping an IPO that could value the cable operator at between $25 billion and $30 billion, according to Reuters. The company was created via Altice NV’s (Amsterdam: ATV) acquisitions and merger of Cablevision and Suddenlink Communications, and includes such shareholders as BC Partners and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board. Read more."
" Acrisure LLC, a Caledonia, Mich.-based insurance brokerage, has agreed to a management buyout that will result in the exist of current majority shareholder Genstar Capital. www.acrisure.co"
" Wipro Ltd. (NYSE: WIT) has agreed to acquire Appirio, an Indianapolis-based enterprise cloud services company, for $500 million. Appirio had raised around $110 million in VC funding, including a $35 million Series E round last year at a $535 million post-money valuation. Shareholders include Fidelity, Lead Edge Capital, SharesPost, General Atlantic, GGV Capital and Sequoia Capital. Read more"
" AT&T (NYSE: T) has held informal talks with Time Warner (NYSE: TWX) about a takeover, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Burberry Group (LSE: BRBY) shares climbed nearly 6% in early trading today, after a Betaville report said that the company is considering a merger with Coach (NYSE: COH). Read more"
" Everyday Health Inc., a New York-based digital platform for healthcare marketers, has hired Qatalyst to explore a possible sale, according to Reuters. The company has a current market cap of around $314 million, compared to a $415 million market cap when it went public in March 2014. Read more"
" Royal Dutch Shell has agreed to sell $206,000 acres of ""non-core"" oil and gas properties in Western Canada to Tourmaline Oil (TSX: TOU) for $1.03 billion. Read more"
" Venbrook Group LLC, a Woodland Hills, Calif.-based property/casualty brokerage, has secured $42 million in debt capital from Madison Capital Funding. www.venbrook.co"
" The British government has hired Evercore Partners to sell off “the private equity portfolio it inherited when it took on the Royal Mail PLC pension’s assets and liabilities, according to Bloomberg. The portfolio could be valued at around £600 million. Read more"
" Sasha Brown has joined The Ecosystem Integrity Fund, a San Francisco-based VC firm, as a New York-based principal. She previously was with New World Capital. www.ecosystemintegrity.co"
" Scott Coleman has joined Ignition Partners as a Los Altos, Calif.-based business development partner. He previously led Startup Growth Partners for Microsoft. www.ignitionpartners.co"
" Raj Kapoor, a former managing director with VC firm Mayfield, has joined Lyft as chief strategy officer. Read more"
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheer
"The presidential election is just two weeks away, the Chicago Cubs made the World Series (versus Cleveland, no less) and the biggest national headlines this past weekend were about something else entirely: AT&T agreeing to buy Time Warner for $85.4 billion."
"For now, let's leave aside all the lazy talk about how this is destined to become AOL-Time Warner Part Duex, just because it's a mega-merger involving Time Warner and a distribution+content thesis. This thing might also prove to be a colossal mess but, if so, it's unlikely to be for the same reasons (namely the obscene overvaluation of AOL just before dial-up died and the broader dotcom bubble burst)."
"Instead, here are some notes from sources familiar with the deal:"
"Origin story: AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson has long said privately that if he could buy any company, it would be Time Warner (he considered Disney to be too big a bite). And that interest was only elevated by AT&T's prior purchase of DirectTV, which gave AT&T additional delivery pipes without a steady flow of proprietary content. So AT&T contacted Time Warner back in August, with Dallas-based Stephenson flying to New York City to meet with Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes. This was also a 1:1 proprietary deal, rather than an auction process."
"Why now? We're not supposed to be talking about this deal today. The companies originally were on track to finalize their agreement shortly after the election, which would have saved them this past weekend's stump scrutiny (Trump, for example, said the deal must be blocked ― while Tim Kaine expressed serious reservations). But then came a Bloomberg leak last Thursday, which caused the two companies to rapidly accelerate their time table."
"Regulatory risk: Yeah, it's huge. The two companies are expressing all sorts of confidence about how they don't really have overlapping businesses, but here's how you know they're actually worried: AT&T only has to pay $500 million to Time Warner if regulators block the deal. This is the same AT&T that agreed paid Deutsche Telekom a whopping $4 billion when that $39 billion deal collapsed under regulatory pressure -- explicitly because it had so few concerns that such pressures would be brought to bear. You could certainly argue 'once bitten twice shy' here, but could also say that this smaller termination fee reflects some real fears."
"Applause? Bewkes has been getting kudos for the deal, given that he spurned an $85 per share takeover offer two years ago from 21th Century Fox (AT&T is paying $107.50 per share, whereas 21st Century hinted it would go as high as nearly $100). But my Fortune colleague Steve Gandel says the applause is undeserved. From Steve: ""Bewkes spent the past two years buying back stock, reducing the share count from around 894 million shares two years about to just under 800 million shares today. That's why Time Warner shareholders are getting a higher per share price in the AT&T deal. The ""extra"" $7.50 a share Time Warner shareholders are getting translates into an additional $5.9 billion in value, but Bewkes spent around $10 billion buying back stock. Not to mention the fact that Time Warner's earnings basically went no where over those two years, and so did its stock, while the market climbed 8% higher. Boo!"""
"Next? This deal is expected to take a couple of years to get done (again, assuming it does get done), but it shouldn't take that long for M&A reverberations. Expect lots of smaller distribution+content deals, albeit not necessarily in the same direction (could Disney/Netflix reemerge?)."
" New fund alert: Initialized, the seed-stage venture firm led by former Y Combinator partner Garry Tan, has quietly closed on $102 million for its new fund compared to its $100 million target (and has hard commitments for $115 million hard cap)"
"It also has added Alina Libova – who previously led tech investments for Tamares Group -- as a general partner alongside Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian (who is less day-to-day on Initialized than either Tan or Libova). Initialized also includes new marketing partner Kim-Mai Cutler, who also plans to remain as an occasional contributor to TechCrunch."
"Tan says that the difference between Initialized and other seed and early-stage firms is a focus on initial build rather than broader scale. “There are lots and lots of great VCs out there who can help bring a company from 20 employees to 2,000 employees, which is incredibly important. But, with both me and Alexis having been YC partners, our whole bread-and-butter is helping a company go from zero employees to 20… It’s that nine-to-18 month gap in which founders have to graduate from seed to Series A, where so many of them die.”"
" Getting there: Questa Capital Management, a healthcare VC and growth equity firm launched late last year by Ryan Drant (ex-NEA) and Bradley Sloan (ex-Parthenon Capital), disclosed in an SEC filing that the target for its debut fund is $250 million. It doesn't list any amount sold, but word is that Questa already has held a first close on more than $100 million"
 Publishing note: Tomorrow will be the final Term Sheet written by yours truly. So we'll have a bunch to discuss..
" HNA Group of China has agreed to acquire a 25% stake in Hilton (NYSE: HLT) from The Blackstone Group for around $6.5 billion ($26.25 per share) in cash, which would cut Blackstone’s stake down to around 21%. Read more"
" Eaze, a San Francisco-based on-demand platform for medicinal marijuana, has raised $13 million in Series B funding from Fresh VC, DCM and Tusk Ventures. Read more"
" Nozomi Networks, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based provider of cybersecurity and operational visibility for industrial control systems, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. GGV Capital and Lux Capital co-led the round, and were joined by return backer Planven Investments. www.nozominetworks.co"
" Honeycomb, a UK-based TV and video ad management platform, has raised £3 million in Series A funding led by Beringea. Read more"
" Joymode, a Los Angeles-based rental platform for “experience” items (camping tents, etc.), has raised $3 million in VC funding. Homebrew led the round, and was joined by Collaborative Fund, Lowercase Capital, Founders Collective, TenOneFund, Slow Ventures, Sherpa Capital and individual angels like Scott Belsky and Emil Michael. www.joymode.co"
" Weengs, a UK-based packaging and shipping service for small retailers, has raised £2.2 million in VC funding. Backers include LocalGlobe, Seedcamp and Cherry Ventures. Read more"
" Advent International has completed its previously-announced acquisition of Fort Dearborn Co., an Elk Grove, Ill.-based provider of prime labels for the consumer goods industry, from KRG Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed, although earlier media reports suggested an $800 million price-tag. www.fortdearborn.co"
 American Midstream Partners LP (NYSE: AMID) has agreed to acquire JP Energy Partners LP (NYSE: JPEP) for $8.63 per common unit (14.5% premium to Friday’s closing price). The combined Houston-based midstream energy company would be valued at around $2 billion. ArcLight Capital Partners holds stakes in both companies. Read more
" Boston Logic, a Boston-based SaaS platform for real estate brokerages, has raised an undisclosed amount of growth equity funding from Providence Strategic Growth. www.bostonlogic.co"
" Cinven has completed its previously-announced $1.4 billion purchase of Bioclinica, a Newtown, Penn.-based provider of clinical trial services and technology to contract research organizations and drug companies, from JLL Partners and Water Street Healthcare Partners. www.bioclinica.co"
" EQT Partners has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Utimaco GnbH, a German provider of cybersecurity and compliance solutions, from Pinova Capital, BIP Investment Partners and company management. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Utimaco generates around €40 million in annual revenue. www.utimaco.co"
" EQT Partners has completed its previously-announced take-private acquisition of Press Ganey Holdings, a South Bend, Ind.-based healthcare performance improvement company, for about $2.35 billion. www.pressganey.co"
" French Connection Group (LSE: FCCN), a UK-based fashion retailer, has received takeover interest from Neuberger Berman and a mix of European and U.S. private equity firms, according to The Telegraph. Read more"
" Genesys Aerosystems, a Mineral Wells, Texas-based provider of avionics systems for military and civil aircraft, has raised an undisclosed amount of private equity funding from McNally Capital. www.genesys-aerosystems.co"
" Greenbriar Equity Group has acquired Frauscher Sensor Technology, an Austria-based provider of train tracking solutions for the global railway signaling industry. No financial terms were disclosed. www.frauscher.co"
" HomeVi SAS, a French portfolio company of PAI Partners, has agreed to acquire Spanish elder care company SARquavitae from Palamon Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed, except that Palamon said the sale represented a 3x return and around €140 million in proceeds for its investors. www.sarquavitae.e"
" Hoover Container Solutions, Ferguson Group, and CHEP Catalyst & Chemical Containers, three providers of container solutions products in the energy, petrochemical, and general industrial markets, have completed their previously-announced merger. The resulting company is called HooverFerguson Group, and will be 50/50 owned by Brambles Ltd. (owner of Ferguson and CCC) and private equity firm First Reserve (owner of Hoover). No financial terms were disclosed. www.hooversolutions.co"
" KKR and Mid Europa Partners have teamed up to bid on a group of Eastern European beer brands being sold by Anheuser-Busch InBev, according to Reuters. The portfolio, which includes Pilsner Urquell in Czech Republic and Tyskie and Lech in Poland, also may receive bids from Advent International and Asian brewers Asahi Group and China Resources. Read more"
" LDiscovery LLC, a McLean, Va.-based provider of e-discovery services, has agreed to acquire Eden Prairie, Minn.-based Kroll Ontrack from Kroll Inc. for approximately $410 million in cash. LDiscovery is a portfolio company of The Carlyle Group and Revolution Growth. www.ldiscovery.co"
" PaySimple, a Denver-based provider of payment and business service software, has secured a $115 million investment from Providence Strategic Growth. Part of the proceeds were used to cash out existing PaySimple shareholder Susquehanna Growth Equity. Read more"
"Rubicon Oilfield International, a Houston-based portfolio company of Warburg Pincus, has acquired all outstanding shares of Logan International Inc. (TSX: LII), a Calgary-based provider of oilfield intervention and production tools, for around C$54 million. www.loganinternationalinc.co"
" Warren Equity Partners has acquired a majority stake in IPC Lydon LLC, an Avon, Mass.-based provider of maintenance, repair and upgrade services to the material handling, power generation, wastewater treatment and general industrial markets. No financial terms were disclosed. Seller Jay Cashman Inc. will retain a “significant” minority equity stake. www.ipclydon.co"
" Water Street Healthcare Partners has invested in The Access Group, a Berkeley Heights, N.J.-based provider of healthcare communications and consulting services. No financial terms were disclosed. www.theaccessgrp.co"
"  Seven companies are expected to price IPOs on U.S. exchanges this week, including a possible $1.2 billion offering from ZTO Express, a VC-backed local delivery company in China. Read more"
" J.W. Childs has agreed to sell Esselte Group Holdings, a European office products company, to ACCO Brands Corp. (NYSE: ACCO) for $333 million in cash. www.accobrands.co"
" Platinum Equity has agreed to sell Mactac Americas LLC, a Stowe, Ohio-based maker of pressure-sensitive labels, to Lintec Corp. (Tokyo: 7966) for approximately $375 million. www.mactac.co"
" Netflix (Nasdaq: NFLX) plans to launch an $800 million senior note offering, primarily to acquire and develop content assets. Read more"
" Rockwell Collins (NYSE: COL) has agreed to acquire Florida-based aircraft interiors maker B/E Aerospace (Nasdaq: BEAV) for $62 per share in cash and stock, or a total of $8.3 billion (including $1.9b in assumed debt). Read more"
" SS&C Technologies Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq: SSNC) has acquired Salentica, a Toronto-based provider of CRM solutions. No financial terms were disclosed. www.ssctech.co"
" TD Bank (TSX: TD) and TD Ameritrade Holding (Nasdaq: AMTD) have agreed to acquire Scottrade Financial Services, a St. Louis-based online brokerage and bank, for approximately $4 billion. Read more"
" Francisco Partners has closed its first “Agility Fund,” a private equity vehicle targeting smaller tech deals, with $600 million in capital commitments. www.franciscopartners.co"
" 5AM Ventures, a life sciences-focused VC firm, has made several new hires: David Allison (ex-Versant Ventures) as a principal, Joe Victor (ex-CEO of Startide Sciences) as a venture partner and Rebecca Lucia (ex-Prospect Venture Partners) as chief financial officer. www.5amventures.co"
" Baochi Nguyen has joined IDG Ventures USA as VP of marketing. She previously served as interim VP of marketing at both Simply Hired and Krux Digital, before which she led social strategy for RingCentral. www.idgvusa.co"
" Federico Pena, a Wells Fargo board member and chair of the firm’s corporate responsibility committee, has resigned as an advisor to private equity firm Vestar Capital Partners, in the wake of Wells Fargo’s fake accounts scandal. Read more"
 Lydia Xu has joined Baird as a managing director and head of China investment banking. She previously was a managing director with BDA Partners. www.bairdasia.co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"The sun is shining, the beloved Pats are rolling and this is my final issue of Term Sheet."
"As I mentioned earlier, deciding to leave  Fortune  was not easy. This has been a dream job, and I'm indebted to the people who have worked with, nurtured and put up with me over the past six years. There are too many treasured colleagues (past and present) to mention in this space, but a particular thank you to Dan Roth and Andy Serwer ― the two people most responsible for bringing me into the fold ― and to Adam Lashinsky, who invited me to moderate at Fortune Brainstorm Tech long before I was on staff (let alone as co-chair of that very event)."
"But I save my deepest gratitude for you, dear readers. Thank you for opening these morning missives. And for sharing them. And for sending scoop and incisive feedback. And for agreeing to disagree. And for overlooking my many digressions. It has been my privilege to write for you each morning."
"So two final pieces of business: What comes next for me, and what comes next for Term Sheet?"
"Next for me: While I am leaving Fortune to help launch a new media company, I'm not leaving journalism or this beat behind (I know there has been some confusion on that point). It would be inappropriate to   dive too deeply into specifics but, suffice to say, I   see no need to choose between   chasing new horizons and maintaining longstanding loves. Again, this is an evolution, not an exit. If you'd like to keep in touch and be kept abreast of my future plans, please email DanielPrimack@gmail.com. Or keep an eye on @danprimack."
"Next for Term Sheet: Beginning tomorrow, this publication will be led by Erin Griffith   ― someone already familiar to many of you. She is smart, funny, tireless and (most importantly) knows her stuff inside and out. Some things will stay the same, while others are likely to change. Erin will   explain more in the next issue.   I would wish her the best of luck, except that she won't need it."
"So that's it. Thanks again, and get back to work. Those term sheets aren't going to sign themselves..."
-dan
" Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) has acquired Eyefluence, a Milpitas, Calif.-based eye-tracking technology company that had raised nearly $22 million in VC funding from firms like Motorola Solutions Venture Capital, Jazz Venture Partners, Intel Capital, NHN Investment and Dolby Family Ventures. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more"
" Paxata, a Redwood City, Calif.-based adaptive data preparation platform, has raised $33.5 million in fourth-round funding. Intel Capital led the round, and was joined by Microsoft Ventures, Cisco Systems, Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners, AirTree Partners and return backers Accel, In-Q-Tel and Singapore’s EDBI. www.paxata.co"
" Clarifai, a New York-based visual recognition AI company, has raised $30 million in Series B funding. Menlo Ventures led the round, and was joined by return backers Union Square Ventures, Lux Capital, Qualcomm Ventures and Osage University Partners. www.clarifai.co"
" InContext Solutions, a Chicago-based developer of 3D virtual simulation technology, has raised $15.2 million in fifth-round funding co-led by Intel Capital and return backer Beringea. www.incontextsolutions.co"
" Hixme, an Agoura Hills, Calif.-based developer of worker benefits programs, has raised $14.1 million in Series B funding. Propel Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Transamerica Ventures and Rosemark Capital. www.hixme.co"
" AEVI, a German payment transactions provider and marketplace for B2B apps and services, has raised €10 million in new equity funding from Adveq. This brings its latest round total to €30 million, including a first close back in May from HPE Growth Capital. www.aevi.co"
" K4Connect, a Raleigh, N.C.-based developer of tech solutions that “empower older adults and individuals living with disabilities,” has raised $8 million in Series A funding. Intel Capital led the round, and was joined by Traverse Venture Partners and a unit of Reinsurance Group of America (NYSE: RGA). www.k4connect.co"
" OpenDataSoft, a French SaaS platform for transformation of data, has raised $5.4 million in Series A funding. Aster Capital and Salesforce Ventures were joined by Ader Finance and return backer Aurinvest. Read more"
" Coins, a Philippines-based digital payments and blockchain startup focused on unbanked individuals in Southeast Asia, has raised US$5 million in Series A funding. Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund (managed by Quona Capital) led the round, and was joined by Innovation Endeavors, Pantera Capital, Digital Currency Group, Wavemaker Labs, Global Brain, BeeNext and Rebright Partners. Existing shareholders include Kickstart Ventures and Ideaspace Foundation. www.coins.p"
" HYPR, a New York-based developer of cybersecurity solutions to protect biometric data, has raised $3 million in seed funding from RTP Ventures, Boldstart Ventures and Mesh Ventures. Read more"
" RackN, an Austin, Texas-based software platform for automating multi-cloud and hybrid infrastructure lifecycle management, has raised an undisclosed amount of new VC funding from SK Ventures. Existing shareholders include EVO Venture Partners and Juniper Networks. www.rackn.co"
" Antin Anfrastructure Partners has hired J.P. Morgan to find a buyer for FPS Towers, a French telecom towers company that could be valued at upwards of 1 billion, according to Reuters. Preliminary bidders reportedly include 3i Infrastructure, American Tower Corp. (NYSE: AMT) and Spain’s Cellnex. Read more"
" Citic Private Equity has held preliminary talks to acquire a control stake in Spanish media company Imagina Group for around €2 billion, according to the FT. Read more"
" Detechtion, a Calgary-based provider of compression optimization technologies and fleet management services, has acquired Enbase, a Houston-based provider of  field automation, mobile applications and predictive analytics for the oil and gas industry. No financial terms were disclosed. Detechtion is a portfolio company of Element Partners.  www.detechtion.co"
" Ohman and Nordic Capital have offered to buy the minority stake they do not already own in Sweden-based online bank Nordnet (Olso: NN B) for 37 crown-per-share, or an overall enterprise value of around $729 million"
" Pharos Capital Group has acquired Logan River Academy, a Logan, Utah-based adolescent residential treatment center, for an undisclosed amount. www.loganriveracademy.co"
" REV Group Inc., a Milwaukee-based maker of ambulances and other specialty vehicles, has filed for a $100 million IPO. It plans to trade under ticker symbol REVG, with Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Baird serving as lead underwriters. The company reports around $23 million of net income on $1.7 billion in revenue for its most recent fiscal year. REV is owned by American Industrial Partners. www.revgroup.co"
" Quikrete Holdings Inc., an Atlanta-based maker of packaged cement and concrete mixes, has agreed to acquire Contech Holdings Inc., a West Chester, Ohio-based site infrastructure company, for around $950 million. Sellers include Anchorage Capital Group, Littlejohn & Co., Tennenbaum Capital Partners and Fallaron Capital Management. www.conteches.co"
 The New York Times Co. (NYSE: NYT) has agreed to pay around $30 million to acquire tech gadget review site Wirecutter. Read more
 3i Group has agreed to sell its debt management business to Investcorp for £222 million. Read more
" CapitaLand, a Singapore-based real estate developer, has raised $1.5 billion for a real estate private equity fund focused on mixed-use developments in China. Read more"
" IMM Private Equity, a South Korean private equity firm, has closed its third fund with approximately $1.15 billion in capital commitments. Read more"
 Monroe Capital has closed its second private credit fund with $800 million in capital commitments. www.monroecap.co
 Oak Hill Advisors has closed its second distressed debt fund with $2.7 billion in capital commitments. Read more
"Ardian has named Mark Brenke as co-head of the firm’s private debt business, alongside Olivier Berment. Brenke has been with Ardian for two years, before which he was with Intermediate Capital Group. www.ardian.co"
 Derek Connor has joined the South Carolina Retirement System Investment Commission as an investment officer focused on venture capital and private equity. He previously spent more than six years with CalPERS
 Ash Rust has joined Trinity Ventures as an entrepreneur-in-residence. He previously was CEO of SendHub. www.trinityventures.co
 Anna Thomsen has joined London-based VC firm Balderton Capital as head of investor relations. She previously was a director of investor relations with Paulson & Co
Share today's Term Sheet:http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
"Three years ago, when I met Dan Primack to discuss working together at Fortune, I had one request: Don’t make me work on your newsletter."
"I’d already been through that stressful, sleepless grind years prior as a reporter at Thomson Reuters. Dan was my boss, and filling in for him on the peHUB Wire newsletter was one of my least favorite duties. I remember many 4 a.m. trudges through a dark, eerily empty Times Square to the Reuters building, where I’d sit alone in the newsroom, typing as fast as I could for five hours without ever looking up. Hitting the “publish” button never got less terrifying."
"So when we met he agreed, and then broke that promise within a few months of my joining Fortune. But the experience this time around was different, perhaps due to many more years of reporting experience and the ability to produce the newsletter from my kitchen table in Brooklyn. Filling in for Dan, I quickly learned that Term Sheet is a fantastic place to break news, call out bad actors, opine on the latest deal, and occasionally step directly into the sh*t and stir it around. Dan even let me use his newsletter to point out how wrong he was."
"Most importantly, Term Sheet's audience is terrific. Sure, you love pointing out typos. (YES THANK YOU I SAW IT, I AM AWARE, YES, THANKS.) But you are engaged, you always have smart feedback, and you are the best source of story ideas and scoops I’ve ever encountered."
"One important thing I learned from Dan along the way is that it doesn’t matter if people disagree with you, as long as they respect you. That’s what I find here, every morning."
"Dan has moved on to his next adventure, and as the photo at the top of this email indicates, I’m taking over Term Sheet. Even though I have a slightly menacing expression in my headshot, I can promise you I’m excited about it."
"Expect some changes. Any attempt to imitate my predecessor’s voice, interests, and opinions is futile, so you’ll be getting my voice, interests, and opinions instead. The new Term Sheet will skew more toward venture, startup, and tech deals than it has in the past."
"Further, Term Sheet is no longer a one-person operation. I’ve enlisted Fortune writer Laura Entis, who works on our Venture team, to help me. Direct your news announcements to Laura and me."
"It’s going to be a continual evolution. I welcome all feedback -- and anonymous tips! -- along the way. Lastly, to converse throughout the day, follow me on Twitter."
How Artificial Intelligence Could Catch Stock Market Cheaters
Morgan Stanley CEO: I'm Voting for President Mike Bloomberg
A Guide to the “zero rating” Debate Around Time Warner and AT&T
Capital One Is Trying to Bring the Blockchain to Health Care
Tesla Versus GM: Which Self-Driving Car Roadmap Will Win?
The Great Rocket Race: Elon vs. Jeff vs. Boeing
Meet the Woman Who Runs Amazon’s Alexa Unit
U.S. Takes Aim at Cyberattacks on Connected Devices as Recalls Mount
...AND ELSEWHERE
Antitrust Cher. On-demand Cheez-Its. Silicon is just sand.Why can’t the WSJ let startups melt down in peace?
" Daqri, a Los Angeles-based augmented reality company, is attempting to raise as much as $200 million in funding, according to Bloomberg. Read more."
" Hyperloop One, a transit company trying to turn Elon Musk’s vision of high-speed travel into a reality, is seeking to raise tens of millions in new funding, according to Forbes.  The company raised a $50 million convertible note from DP World Group earlier this month, and has raised a total of $141.1 million in funding to date. Read more."
" Wavefront, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based cloud analytics company, has raised $52 million in Series B Funding at a share price lower than its prior round of funding, according to the Wall Street Journal. Tenaya Capital led the round, and was joined by existing investors Sequoia Capital and Sutter Hill Ventures. Read more"
" Genomics Medicine Ireland (GMI), a Dublin-based life sciences startup, has raised a Series A investment of $40 million from ARCH Venture Partners, Polaris Partners, the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund, and GV.  www.genomicsmed.ie"
" Habit, a San Francisco-based personalized nutrition and wellness company, has raised $32 million in funding from Campbell’s Soup Company. www.habit.co"
" Lendio, a South Jordan, Utah-based loan company for small businesses, has raised $20 million in funding. Comcast Ventures and Stereo Capital led the round, with participation from Napier Park, Blumberg Capital, Tribeca Venture Partners, and North Hill Ventures. www.lendio.co"
" Culture Trip, a London-based media company, has raised $20 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. PPF led the round. Read more."
" Dataiku, a Paris-based data analytics company, has raised $14 million in Series A funding. FirstMark Capital led the round and was joined by firms Alven Capital, and Serena Capital. www.dataiku.co"
" Verse, a San Francisco-based instant mobile payments service, has raised $8.3 million in Series A funding. Greycroft led the round and was joined by Spark Capital and eVentures. Read more."
" IrisVR, a New York City-based virtual reality company that builds tools for the architecture industry, has raised $8 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Emergence Capital led the round, and was joined by  Indicator Ventures, Pritzker Group Venture Capital, Valar Ventures, Azure Capital Partners, Locke Mountain Ventures and Morningside Group. Read more."
" TVision Insights, a Boston-based facial recognition software company, has raised $6.8 million in funding. Accomplice led the round, and was joined by  Golden Venture Partners, Jump Capital, ITOCHU Technology Ventures, and Project 11 Ventures. tvisioninsights.com"
" KredX, a Bangalore, India-based  online invoice discounting company , has raised $6.25 million in Series A funding, according to The Economic Times. Sequoia Capital India led the round, and was joined by Prime Venture Partners. Read more"
" Brickwork, a New York City-based software provider for retailers, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. Safeguard Scientifics led the round, and was joined by firms Recruit Strategic Partners, Advancit Capital, Beanstalk Ventures, Cowboy Ventures and Forerunner Ventures. www.brickworksoftware.com"
" Lively, a direct-to-consumer lingerie company based in New York City, has raised $4 million in seed funding, according to TechCrunch. GGV Capital led the round with participation from apparel maker Gelmart International and angel investors. Read more"
" Selency (formerly known as Brocante Lab), a French second-hand online furniture company, has raised €3 million in Series A funding. Accel led the round, and was joined by Kima Ventures. www.brocantelab.co"
" Baffle, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based data encryption company, has raised $3 million in funding. True Ventures led the round with participation from Engineering Capital. www.baffle.i"
" Perkbox, a London-based company that manages employee benefits, has raised  £2.5 million ($3 million) in funding from the publicly-traded European VC Draper Esprit, according to TechCrunch. The company is currently seeking to raise an additional £2 million ($2.4 million) in equity crowdfunding. Read more"
"  Aura Semiconductor, a Bangalore, India-based provider of analog mixed signal solutions, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding from WRV Capital. www.aurasemi.com"
" Northstar Group has agreed to acquire Singapore-listed Innovalues Ltd, a machine parts manufacturer, for  $239 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Simmons Private Equity has made an undisclosed investment in Leap Energy, a consulting company for the oil and gas industries. www.leap-energy.com"
" Confie, a Buena Park, Calif.-based commercial insurance broker backed by Abry Partners, has acquired two auto insurance agencies, and a personal and commercial insurance company: Elizabeth, N.J.-based Salermo Insurance Agency, LLC, Tyler, Texas-based Hulme Corporate, and Jamestown, N.Y.-based Lockwood Agency. www.confie.com"
" Goode Partners LLC has acquired Stonefire Grill Inc., a Calif-based fast-casual restaurant chain. No financial terms were disclosed. www.goodepartners.com"
" Experienced Capital and 360 Capital Partners have invested Le Slip Français, a Paris-based underwear and swimwear retailer. No financial terms were disclosed.  www.leslipfrancais.fr"
" Smart Sand, a Texas-based frac sand producer owned by Clearlake Capital, has set its IPO terms. It will sell 10.6 million at a price between $15 and $18 a share, and would have an initial market cap of around $175 million if it were to price in the middle of its range. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under ticker symbol SND. www.smartsand.com"
" Kohlberg & Company has agreed to acquire MarketCast, a Los Angeles-based market research company, from RLJ Equity Partners LLC and State Street Global Advisors. Financial terms were disclosed. www.mcast.com"
" Permira has acquired Schustermann & Borenstein, a German fashion retailer, from Ardian.  Financial details were not disclosed, but Reuters previously reported the company would sell for between £700 to £800 million ($856 million to $1 billion). Read more."
" Opimus, a Hungarian holding company, has agreed to acquire the publisher Mediaworks from Vienna Capital Partners, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Generation Growth Capital has agreed to sell Atlantic Precision, Inc., an aerospace manufacturing company that specializes in 3D printing, to Precision Castparts Corp. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. www.atlanticprecision.com"
" Altaris Capital Partners LLC has acquired Senior Helpers, a Timonium, Md.-based elderly home care franchise, from Levine Leichtman Capital Partners. No financial terms were disclosed. www.seniorhelpers.com"
" Underscore.VC, a Boston-based early-stage VC firm focusing on cloud intelligence, has closed its first fund at $85 million, according to BostInno. Read more. underscore.v"
" SJF Ventures, a Durham, N.C.-based venture capital firm, has raised a total of $74.4 million in funding for its fourth fund, according to regulatory filings. The fund has a target of $125 million. sjfventures.com"
 Abu Dhabi Financial Group (ADFG) has launched a $200 million fund to invest in Gulf equities. Read more
 Andrew Shuster has joined Global Access LLC as managing director in New York. He previously worked in the investment banking division at Barclays Bank PLC. www.globalaccesscsg.com
" CenterOak Partners, LLC has hired Ben Adams as a vice president, Carrie Calhoun as a senior associate of business development and investor relations, and Josh Weaver as an associate.  www.centeroakpartners.com"
 Brady Fletcher has joined Canada’s TSX Venture Exchange as managing director. He previously was managing director of Sea to Sky Equities Inc. www.tmx.com
"Shawn Price, a top Oracle cloud executive with more than two decades in the software business, died on Tuesday at the age of 53. Price passed away from cancer. Price is survived by Sarah, his wife of 25 years, two daughters, a sister, and his parents. A full obituary by Fortune's Barb Darrow can be found here."
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
 Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here
"Some very brief notes today, as I spent a chunk of the morning on Twitter’s unusually early earnings call. In case you’ve been following the reported sale talks on that turnaround story, CEO Jack Dorsey kicked off the sale with a flat “no comment” on deal chatter."
"Presumably he wants to keep Twitter independent. In that sense, the company’s slowness to fix its bullying problem has worked perversely to its advantage. (Salesforce reportedly walked away over abuse concerns.) On today's call, execs touted product improvements and completely ignored analyst questions about M&A. Investors, desperate for some form of hope, traded the stock up, in part, because of a fresh round of layoffs."
" NXP, NBD: Another day, another mega-merger. Qualcomm is paying $47 billion for NXP Semiconductors ($38 billion excluding debt). By deal value, tech M&A is set to utterly dwarf that of IPOs this year. That's great news for M&A bankers, who love telling me with a giant smile on their faces that “the IPO machine is structurally, permanently busted for innovative tech companies.” They argue that the public markets are not so great for mature tech companies, either. They’re holding out for a big, Fortune 100 take-private. (A favored rumor/fantasy is SoftBank using its $100 billion fund to take a behemoth like IBM private."
" On the Other Hand: One person’s busted market is another’s opportunity. By now, the image of the public-market-fearing startup founder is so well-known that we assume every founder thinks they can carry on, unprofitably, with their giant Saudi Arabian cash piles and inflated paper money valuations, for eternity"
"But a small (teeny tiny) minority of founders is bucking that trend: WeWork CEO Adam Neumann has declared his company unafraid of the public markets. Earlier this year he even taunted CEOs that hide behind their unicorn valuations. Private market valuations are merely “what one person is willing to sell for and one person is willing to buy,” he said. “Value in the public markets—that becomes a different story.”"
"Yesterday we got confirmation that Snap Inc. (fka Snapchat) CEO Evan Spiegel feels the same way. Snap is planning to raise as much as $4 billion from the public markets as soon as March. The reports have been swirling for some time now, but new details on size and timing make it a lot more real."
"There’s one important difference in the banker bluster around mega-deals and IPOs, and that's the payday. Where you can bet the bankers on Qualcomm-NXP or AT&T-Time Warner are enjoying some hefty fees for their work, it’s fair to assume the bankers on Snap’s IPO, other high profile ones like it, are working for free or close to it just for the branding."
" Cheese Stands Alone: Every time an innovative startup creates a revolutionary new business model (subscription commerce! meal kits! streaming music!), zillions of competitors flood the market with derivative products. None of it matters. Most likely this novel new market only has room for one winner. Even after it consolidates down to two competitors, they’ll eventually end up merging. My favorite example of this is Sirius and XM"
"That’s why I was not surprised to read that Groupon finally bought its well-funded, long-struggling daily deals competitor LivingSocial for a “not material” price yesterday. I won’t be surprised to see similar moves, down the line, in meal kits, daily fantasy sports apps, food delivery, razors (yes, those are startups now), even ride-hailing."
" Lastly: Thank you for your many well-wishes yesterday. My inbox is completely overwhelmed with feedback and story ideas – please, keep it coming"
" And about that: This newsletter has an anonymous tipbox, which is a fantastic place to send deal scoops, story ideas, or anything you don’t want traced back to you. I also use Confide (find me via my Fortune email address) if you prefer your messages to disappear"
"Finally, thank you (YES, I SAW IT) to the hundreds of you that pointed out the broken link to my twitter account yesterday. Here’s the correct link. See you out there!"
" Busfor, a Russia-based online bus company, has raised $20 million led by Inventure Partners. Russian equity firms Baring Vostok, and Elbrus Capital all participated. Read more"
" Rokid, a Chinese AI and robotics company, has raised $65 million in Series B funding. IDG Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by Walden International. www.rokid.com"
" Bonesupport AB, a Swedish medical technology company that develops treatments for bone fractures, has raised $37 million in equity and debt funding. Tellacq AB led the round, and was joined by asHealthCap, Lundbeckfond Ventures, Industrifonden, AP3 and Carl Westin. www.bonesupport.com/en-us"
" Wochit, a New York City-based video software company, has raised $13 million in funding from ProSieben, Singapore Press Holdings’ SPH Media Fund, Carlo de Benedetti and existing investors Redpoint, Marker LLC and Cedar Fund. www.wochit.com"
" ForeverCar, a Chicago-based provider of extended service protection plans, has raised $10 million in funding, according to Crain’s. CUNA Mutual Group’s venture capital arm led the round, and was joined by KDWC Ventures and Jai Shekhawat. Read more"
" NanoPay, a Toronto-based payments company, has raised $10 million in Series A funding from Merchant Banking Division of Goldman Sachs, APAGM Services LLC (Andrew Prozes), Jarnac Capital Management Inc. and Rohatton Inc. nanopay.net"
" Imzy, a Salt Lake City, Utah-based social media company founded by ex-Reddit employees, has raised $8 million in Series A funding. Index Ventures led the round. www.imzy.com"
" DemystData, which uses big data to create credit profiles and is based in New York City, has raised $7 million in Series B funding. MissionOG led the round, and was joined by Notion Capital and and Singtel Innov8"
" PointGrab, an Israeli smart home sensor company, has raised $7 million in funding from Philips Lighting, Mitsubishi UFJ Capital Co. Ltd (MUCAP), and ABB Technology Ventures (ATV). www.pointgrab.com"
" Super League Gaming, a Los Angeles-based interactive video game league, has raised $5 million in funding from Toba Capital and aXiomatic. superleague.com"
" Securly, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based online platform for schools, has raised $4 million in Series A funding. Owl Ventures led the round. www.securly.com"
" BrainCheck, a Houston-based concussion diagnosis and monitoring app, has raised $3 million in seed funding. braincheck.com"
" Hamilton Robinson Capital Partners has recapitalized Unifiller Systems, Inc., a British Columbia-based baking and industrial food production manufacturer. www.unifiller.com"
" Harren Equity Partners portfolio company Tile Company, LLC, a Livonia, Mich.-based tile distributor, has acquired ISC Surfaces and RBC Tile & Stone. www.iscsurfaces.com/  http://rbctile.com"
" ATL Partners and British Columbia Investment Management have made an undisclosed, controlling investment in Pilot Freight Services, a Lima, Penn.-based transportation and logistics services provider. www.pilotdelivers.com/"
" Snap Inc., a Venice, Calif.-based social media app maker, will seek to raise as much as $4 billion in its initial public offering. The offering could value it in the $25 billion to $35 billion range. Read more."
" ZTO Express, a Chinese package delivery company, has raised $1.4 billion in its initial public offering, the biggest U.S. IPO this year. The company priced  72.1 million shares at $19.50 a share, above its previously indicated range of $16.50 to $18.50 a share. ZTO Express is backed by private equity firms Warburg Pincus, Hillhouse Capital and venture capital firm Sequoia Capital. Read more."
" ConvaTec, a British medical tech firm, has raised  £ 1.5 billion ($1.82 billion) in a stock market listing. The offer was priced at 225 pence per share, at the lowest point of its previously indicated range of 225 pence to 275 pence. In the offering, Nordic Capital and Avista Capital Partners will hold 45.1 percent and 19.5 percent of the shares. www.convatec.com"
" Qualcomm Inc has agreed to buy NXP Semiconductors NV, a Dutch semiconductor manufacturer, for $47 billion including debt. The equity value of the deal is $37.88 billion. Qualcomm said it would offer $110 per share, or 11.5 percent above NXP Semiconductor's closing price on Wednesday.  Read more"
" Bloomreach, a Mountain View, Calif.-based cloud marketing company, has acquired Hippo, a Dutch web content management company, for an undisclosed amount, according to TechCrunch. Bloomreach has raised $97 million in funding from Bain Capital Ventures, Battery Ventures, Lightspeed Venture Partners, New Enterprise Associates, and Salesforce Ventures."
" Verizon is buying the technology behind Vessel, a San Francisco-based video company founded by former Hulu CEO Jason Kilar, for an undisclosed amount. Verizon will shut down the service. Vessel had raised $132.5 million from Benchmark, Greylock Partners, Bezos Expeditions, Comcast Ventures, IVP, Saban Capital Group, and Third Wave Digital. www.vessel.com/"
" GTCR has agreed to sell Camp Systems International Inc, a Merrimack, N.H.-based aviation software firm, to Hearst. No financial terms were disclosed, although reports suggest the deal valued the company at around $2 billion. Read more."
" Flexera Software, a Itasca, Ill.-based software asset management company, has acquired Palamida, a San Francisco-based commercial software company. Palamida has raised $18.5 million from Walden Venture Capital, Mitsui Global Investment, and HWVP. www.palamida.com"
" Oaktree Capital Management LP has acquired Trench Plate Rental Co,  a provider of trench safety equipment to the underground construction industry,  from PWP Growth Equity. No financial terms were disclosed. www.tprco.com"
" Javelin Venture Partners, a San-Francisco-based early-stage venture firm, has closed its fourth fund with $125 million. javelinvp.com"
" Freeport Financial Partners LLC, a Chicago-based middle-market direct lending manager, has raised $518 million for its third fund."
 Alex Gurevich is now managing director of Javelin Venture Partners. He previously was a partner at the firm. javelinvp.com
" Christian Bearman is joining Situs, a  a Houston–based provider of commercial real estate advisory services  owned by Stone Point Capital, as CEO of Situs Europe. He was previously head of corporate development and operations at Valad Europe. www.situscos.com"
" Bob Kelly has joined Ignition Partners, a  Bellevue -based early stage business software venture capital firm, as managing partner. He was previously corporate vice president for the cloud and enterprise business development and strategy at Microsoft. www.ignitionpartners.com"
" Richard Frankl has joined AHS Staffing, a Edmond Okla.-based healthcare staffing services provider owned by BelHealth Investment Partners, as chief financial officer. Previously he was vice president of finance at Acosta Sales & Marketing, which is owned by Carlyle. http://ahsstaffing.com"
 Mohamad Makhzoumi and Chetan Puttagunta have been promoted to general partners at New Enterprise Associates. They were previously partners at the firm. www.nea.com
" Michael Farah has been promoted to partner, and Kam Shah to principal, at Linden Capital Partners. In addition, Michael Bernard and Max Gaby have joined the healthcare private equity firm as vice presidents. Bernard previously worked at 3i Group and Gaby was most recently at GTCR. www.lindenllc.com"
 Melanie Goward has joined Maven Capital Partners as an investment director on the firm’s London team. She was previously a fund manager at Finance Wales. www.mavencp.com
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Yesterday the Internet mourned the death of Twitter-owned Vine, a web product everyone apparently loved but stopped using years ago. One of the company’s co-founders, Rus Yusupov, tweeted his bitter takeaway: “Don’t sell your company!”"
"It’s a common trope among startup founders: Unless your company is already at death’s door, selling out is the quickest way to kill it."
"Except it’s not that simple with Vine. Former Twitter recruiter Morgan Missen pointed out that Vine hadn’t even launched its product when Twitter acquired it in 2012. What’s more, Vine’s founders left shortly after the deal, and Twitter ran the product for four years. Twitter certainly failed to capitalize on Vine, but the company's founders may not be blameless, either."
"I’m not sharing this because I love a good Twitter spat about Twitter. I’m sharing it because the issue of startups thriving under corporate parents is important as Fortune 500 companies from all industries, not just tech, are increasingly snapping up well-funded startups. Buying innovation isn't as simple as just writing a check."
"I explored that issue in a recent magazine profile of Cruise Automation, the self-driving car startup that General Motors bought for $1 billion (including earn-outs) before even it even launched a product. The relevant part from that story:"
"It’s become a cliché, when a startup sells to a large corporation, for the founders to spout hopeful phrases about “perfect alignment” and “inspiring commitments.” The company is the founders’ baby, and they’ve barely grasped the reality of letting it go. They take the team out for a big celebratory dinner as the congratulations pile up in their smartphone notifications. They take their first vacation in years. They tell themselves the commitments really are inspiring."
"It’s also a startup cliché that within a year, the jig is up. The founders realize that the grinding, slogging, against-all-odds hero’s journey of cold calling and pitching and building and hustling and eating glass and staring into the abyss is finally over. Their metabolism doesn’t adapt well to the politics of slow-moving, risk-averse corporations. Once their life’s work begins to feel like a job, a switch goes off in their brains. Some leave to start their next company. Others “vest in peace.” Whatever innovative thing they built gets lost inside a giant corporate overlord. Startups have a 90% failure rate, according to studies. The failure rate for mergers and acquisitions—at least when it comes to meeting expectations—is just as high."
"The founders of Cruise have a lot to prove and are determined to make their deal a success, perhaps moreso than the founders of Vine were. I’ll be following their progress closely…"
" New Firm Alert: Thomas F. Wendt and Mark Platshon are raising funds for a new early stage venture firm called Icebreaker Ventures. It’s unique for two reasons that happen to be relevant to today’s column: For one, it’s a “multi-corporate” fund, meaning, rather than traditional LPs, Icebreaker will raise from strategic corporations. And two, it is focused on startups in the “ACES” categories. That’s an auto-industry acronym for autonomous, connected, electric, and shared. Basically, all the car buzzwords except “flying."
"The idea is, the automotive industry is attempting to transform itself into the “mobility” industry, but that’s going to require a lot more interconnectivity, “coop-etition,” and breaking down silos. It’s something the tech industry is pretty accustomed to, but it’s relatively new to the executives in Detroit. What’s more, thus far, the industry has made big bets in a few places, like GM with Cruise, rather than spreading the risk across many bets in many areas. Meanwhile, startups are often wary of corporates. Taking a check from one may prevent them from working with a competitor, or worse, their investor may become a competitor. (Exhibit A: Google’s venture investment in Uber.) Icebreaker is meant to connect the two sides in a mutually beneficial way."
"Wendt, who previously co-led Roland Berger’s automotive practice and has spent time at AlixPartners and Audi, tells me he created the multi-corporate structure when he realized that all of the players in the transportation industry – insurance, suppliers, technology, utilities (for electric cars), automakers – would need to work closely together to build the future. “You can’t work in your silos anymore,” he says. His co-founder, Platshon, is a partner at Birchmere Ventures and has been an advisor to BMWi Ventures for several years. Icebreaker Ventures will be based in Palo Alto."
"I’m only aware of one other venture firm using a similar multi-corporate strategy, and that’s Autotech Ventures, which raised $45 million towards a $150 million fund earlier this year."
" Moving On: Tom Soto has left TCW Group, where he was Managing Director for Alternatives. He had sold his Los Angeles-based firm, Craton Equity Partners, to TCW in 2013. Soto plans to help out on the Hillary Clinton campaign, and “get back to [his] roots by continuing to develop capital solutions in the sustainability and climate change space."
The election is hurting retailers. Mom Guilt. Musk money. The next multi-billion tech merger. The latest Silicon Valley à Detroit move. Flying Ubers. Mylan justice (or lackthereof?). Becoming a global CEO. GE + Baker Hughes. A less radical Bank of Japan. The new science of wellness.
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Tech execs, they’re just like us. For the 85th billionth time, it’s Time Warner, not Time Warner Cable. Bro Media. Jill Stein’s investment portfolio. Bald discounts. A social network for rich kids."
" Unity Biotechnology, a San Francisco-based biotechnology company developing therapeutics to halt or reverse the effects of aging, has raised $116 million in Series B funding. Investors include ARCH Venture Partners, Fidelity Management and Research Company, Partner Fund Management, Venrock, Bezos Expeditions, WuXi PharmaTech, and Mayo Clinic Ventures. www.unitybiotechnology.co"
" Cloudian, a San Mateo, Calif.-based cloud storage company, has raised $41 million in Series D funding. Investors include Intel Capital, INCJ, Eight Roads, Goldman Sachs, Lenovo, City National Bank, Epsilon Venture Partners, and DVP Investment. www.cloudian.co"
" KNL Networks, an Oulu, Finland-based startup that uses cognitive radio technologies to provide remote internet access, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Creandum led the round, and was joined by Inventure, Butterfly VEntures, and angel investors, including Juha Hulkko and John Lindfors. www.kyynel.net"
" Onit, a Houston-based company developing enterprise software to automate tasks, has raised $8.25 million in funding. Level Equity Management LLC led the round, and was joined by Austin Ventures and angel investors. www.onit.com"
" eMindful, a Vero Beach, Fla.-based a startup that develops mindfulness programs for employees, has raised $6.85 million in Series B funding. LFE Capital led the round, and was joined by One Earth Capital, Bridge Builders Collaborative, New Ground Ventures and Fairground Capital. www.emindful.com"
" Conekta, a Mexico City-based payments processing company, has raised $6.6 million in Series A funding from VARIV Capital, FEMSA Comercio, Jaguar Ventures, and Conconi Growth Partners. www.conekta.io/e"
" MPower, a Washington, D.C.-based peer-to-peer lending platform for student loans, has raised $6 million in Series A funding. Zephyr Peacock India Fund III led the round, and was joined by 1776 Ventures, Goal Structured Solutions, VilCap Investments, DreamIt Ventures, Fresco Capital, and University Ventures. www.mpowerfinancing.com"
" Pure Harvest Smart Farms, an Abu Dhabi-based agricultural technology firm, has raised $1.1 million in funding from Shorooq Investments"
" Note: Yesterday's Term Sheet incorrectly melded two funding announcements. GoEuro raised $70 million from Silver Lake Kraftwerk and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. Meanwhile, Busfor raised $20 million led by Inventure Partners, Baring Vostok, and Elbrus Capital"
" Broadstream Capital Partners, LLC and Corbel Structured Equity Partners, L.P have acquired Antares Audio Technologies, LLC, a California City, Calif.-based audio hardware and software company (and the inventor of auto-tune). Financial terms were not disclosed. www.antarestech.com/index.ph"
" PNC Riverarch Capital has acquired Five Star Food Service Inc, a Chattanooga, Tenn.-based food and beverage service for employers. HarbourVest Partners, Five Points Capital, and Five Star management were co-investors.  fivestar-food.com"
" The Trilantic North America-owned Fluid Delivery Solutions LLC has acquired Raging Bull Oilfield Services LLC, a water transfer and equipment rental business. www.trilantic.co"
" Serent Capital, a San Francisco-based private equity firm, has made an investment in Apex Payroll Software, a cloud-based payroll and HR technology company. www.apexpayroll.com"
" Meilleurtaux.com, an Equistone Partners Europe-owned mortgage provider, has acquired MerciHenri.com, a French insurance comparison website. www.lecomparateurassurance.com"
" CMG, the publisher of Who What Wear, Byrdie, MyDomaine, and Obsessee, has acquired collegiate media and influencer company CollegeFashionista. CMG is backed by investors including Amazon, Greycroft Partners, BDMI, and Lerer Hippeau Ventures. www.cmginc.com/"
" ZTO Express shares fell on its first day of trading, ending up 15% below their IPO price. ZTO Express, a Chinese package delivery company, is backed by private equity firms Warburg Pincus, Hillhouse Capital, and Sequoia Capital"
" Myovant Sciences Inc., (NYSE: MYOV) a drug company focused on women's health diseases and other endocrine-related disorders, raised $218 million in its initial public offering, the largest biotechnology IPO this year to date. The company priced 14.5 million shares at $15, the high end of its range. myovant.com"
" Quantenna Communications, a Fremont, Calif.-based provider of Wi-Fi video networking for whole-home entertainment, has raised $107 million by offering 6.7 million shares at $16 per share, the high end of its range. Quantenna Communications plans to list on the Nasdaq under the symbol QTNA. www.quantenna.com"
" Acushnet Holdings, a Fairhaven, Mass.-based golf equipment manufacturer, has raised $329 million by offering 19.3 million shares at $17, below its range of $21 to $24. Acushnet Holdings plans to list on the NYSE under the symbol GOLF. www.acushnetholdingscorp.co"
" BlackLine, a Woodland Hills, Calif.-based accounting software company, raised $146 million by offering 8.6 million shares at $17. The company originally set a price range between $13 and $15 per share, but revised the range to $16 to $17 Thursday morning. BlackLine plans to list on the Nasdaq under the symbol BL. www.blackline.com"
" Premium Brands Holdings Corporation has acquired Belmont Meats Products Limited, an Ottawa-based hamburger manufacturer, from Summer Street Capital Partners. The purchase price was $50 million. Belmont generates approximately $120 million in annual sales. www.belmontmeats.com"
" Samsung Electronics has acquired Tachyon, an enterprise mobile development software developed by Kaprica Security, a College Park, Md.-based cybersecurity software startup. Financial terms were not disclosed. www.tachyonmobility.com"
" PowWow Mobile, a San Francisco-based app mobility company, has acquired the cloud-based enterprise mobility platform StarMobile, which is based in Atlanta. StarMobile has raised more than $6 million in funding from Atlanta Technology Angels, GRA VEnture Fund, LLC, USVP, and Webb Investment Network. starmobileinc.com"
" Cinven has agreed to sell SLV Group, a German lighting company, to the French private equity firm Ardian. www.slvlighting.com"
" MIT announced it will raise $150 million to launch The Engine, an accelerator and venture fund that invests in science and technology startups, according to BostInno. Read more"
" Anthony Maggiore has joined Twin Brook Capital Partners, the middle market direct lending subsidiary of Angelo, Gordon & Co., as an assistant vice president of underwriting. He previously was a senior associate at Madison Capital Funding. www.twincp.com"
" GCA Altium has promoted both Dominic Orsini and Adam Sivner to director, and Mark Smith to assistant director.  gcaaltium.com"
" Carmen Chang, a partner at NEA, has been named Chairman and Head, Greater China at the firm. www.nea.com"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"At this pace the Fortune 500 will be down to around 20 companies by the end of the year. CenturyLink has agreed to acquire Level3 Communications in a deal valued at $34 billion in cash and stock, including debt. This is a two “mehs” don’t make a right situation: Both companies are expected to see revenue decline in over the coming years. On the plus side, both companies have been active acquirers, meaning they have some experience in making deal integrations work, and both have invested in new, faster-growing lines of business, namely, business-to-business fiber networks."
" Thiel Talks: At 11 a.m. Eastern, a big chunk of the of the tech, political, media, and finance press will have their eyes fixed on this livestream, where Peter Thiel will take questions about his support of Donald Trump. Interesting that he decided to hold this event in D.C. and not San Francisco, where startup founders are so offended by his support of Trump that they’re publicly declaring they will never take money from his firm, or in New York, where members of the press are appalled at the free speech precedent set by his revenge lawsuit against Gawker"
"Over the weekend, Thiel discussed his support of Trump for the first time in the press since he donated $1.25 million to the campaign in the wake of Trump’s myriad sexual assault accusations. In the understatement of the year, he said he “did not appreciate quite how polarizing the election would be.” He noted that he is overlooking Trump’s “personal characteristics” and accused Silicon Valley of fencing themselves off from the rest of the country."
"Separately, he and David Sacks (a fellow member of the PayPal mafia and current CEO of insurance unicorn Zenefits) had to apologize for their 1996 book “The Diversity Myth,” which, among many strong views, downplays date rape as “belated regret.”"
"In other words, the press will have a buffet of horrors to grill Thiel on. Given the venue, I don’t expect terribly nuanced questions that apply to this audience. (For example, whether his support of Trump is hurting Founders Fund deal flow, or whether any Y Combinator or Founders Fund companies have returned their investment money on principle.)"
"Wall Street types may be confused by the Valley’s outrage over Thiel. He’s entitled to support whatever political candidate he wants, much less a major party nominee! But remember, Silicon Valley is supposed to be a capitalist utopia built on hippie ideals. It’s meant to be the land of true meritocracy, where anyone can become a billionaire based on their creativity and willingness to hustle. In recent years, we’ve learned it’s not that -- not even close -- and there are many smart, ambitious, hopeful people trying to make the Valley a more inclusive place. Thiel’s support for a candidate that spews hate messes up that progress. Even Thiel, who chooses to overlook those parts, would agree with that."
" Unicorn Overload: If you, like many, hate the cutesy term “unicorn” to describe Silicon Valley’s magical money-losers, you are in luck. In researching my upcoming magazine column, I learned that there’s a Web browser plug-in called Unicorn Replacer that automatically changes the word “unicorn” to “pre-IPO startup valued at $1 billion or more.” I guess the term isn’t as unpopular as one might think: So far only 267 people have installed it on Chrome"
" Speaking of pre-IPO startups valued at $1 billion or more: There’s a new one today. Ministry Brands, a seller of software to churches and private schools, raised a new round of funding from Insight Venture Partners. The company already had backing from Genstar Capital and Providence Equity Partners, the latter of which will exit its investment as part of Insight’s investment. No deal terms were disclosed, but WSJ reports two important details: One, Ministry had tried to sell itself earlier this year. And two, this investment pushes Ministry’s valuation above $1 billion"
Elizabeth Warren’s gripe with the Time Warner deal. Mitch Zacks is skeptical of Time Warner deal. A look at Uber’s many legal problems. No rush on AT&T’s bond offering. Meet the latest hyped cryptocurrency. Heart emoji.com. Madoff settlement. Warren Buffet’s silence on Wells Fargo. Why AI startups sell out. Behind Titleist maker Acushnet’s lackluster IPO. Ultrasound hacking. Chinese debt write-downs.
…AND ELSEWHERE
David Einhorn slams Elon Musk. Perennials are the new millennials. How Meetup ditched its boys club. Soylent is making people sick.
" Giphy, a New York City-based searchable database for looping video clips, or GIFs, has raised $72 million in new funding, according to the Wall Street Journal. Draper Fisher Jurvetson led the round, and was joined by Institutional Venture Partners and China Media Capital. The raise values the company at around $600 million. Read more"
" Everything But The House, a Cincinnati, Ohio-based digital marketplace for estate sales, has raised $41.5 million in funding. Greenspring Associates led the round, with participation from returning investors Greycroft Partners and Spark Capital. Read more at Fortune"
" Riskalyze, an Auburn, Calif.-based startup that evaluates investment risk, has raised $20 million in growth equity. FTV Capital led the round"
" Cirina, a San Francisco-based startup developing blood tests that diagnose cancer, has raised $12 million in Series A funding. Decheng Capital led the round"
" Promethera Biosciences SA, a Belgium-based cell therapy and regenerative medicine company focused on treating liver diseases, has raised €10 million ($11 million) in an extension of its Series C funding round. Vesalius Biocapital, SRIW, Fund+, MGI Global Fund, the VC arm of Mitsui & Co, Boehringer Ingelheim Venture Fund, SMS Investments, Mitsubishi UFJ Capital, Cell Innovation Partners, and LifeLiver all participated"
" Unbabel, a San Francisco-based translation startup, has raised $5 million in Series A funding. Notion Capital and Caixa Capital led the round"
" Headset, a Seattle-based market research and analysis service for the marijuana industry, has raised $1 million in seed funding"
" Ministry Brands, a Knoxville, Tenn.-based SaaS provider for religious organizations, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Insight Venture Partners"
" Terra’s Kitchen, a Baltimore-based meal kit delivery startup that uses eco-friendly packaging, has raised an undisclosed amount in funding from KiwiVenture Partners II"
"he BelHealth Investment Partners-owned Apothecary By Design has acquired Village Fertility Pharmacy, a Waltham a Mass.-based specialty pharmacy focused on fertility. No financial terms were disclosed"
" General Electric will combine its oil and gas business with oil service provider Baker Hughes, The new publicly traded company will be the second-largest oilfield services provider, behind only Schlumberger in revenue. GE will own 62.5%, and contribute $7.4 billion in cash to Baker Hughes shareholders, who will own the remaining 37.5%. Read more at Fortune"
" Australia & New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) will sell its retail businesses in five Asian markets, including China and Hong Kong, to Singapore lender DBS Group. ANZ said it will lose A$265 million ($201 million) on the sale. Read more at Fortune"
" Telecom provider CenturyLink will buy Level 3 Communications for equity value of $19.43 billion. The deal, including debt, is valued at $34 billion. CenturyLink will pay about $66.50 in stock and cash per share, a premium of 42%. Read more. Read more at Fortune"
No IPO news today. 
" CITIC Capital Partners Limited has sold its majority stake in Tri-Wall Holdings, a Hong Kong-based heavy duty packing supplier, to Japanese packaging and paper manufacturer Rengo. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Astellas Pharma has agreed to acquire Ganymed Pharmaceuticals AG, a German biopharmaceutical company that focuses on developing antibody-based cancer treatments, for € 422 million ($461 million). Ganymed is backed by ATS Beteiligungsverwaltung GmbH, MIG Fonds, Future Capital AG and FCP Gany GmbH"
" KES Power, which is owned by Abraaj Group, has agreed to sell its controlling stake in the Pakistani utility K-Electric to the state-owned Shanghai Electric Power Company Limited. At $ 1.8 billion, the deal ranks among the biggest acquisitions in Pakistan in the past 10 years"
" Roper Technologies has agreed to acquire ConstructConnect, a SaaS provider for the construction industry, from Genstar Capital and Warburg Pincus for $632 million"
 Alibaba is consolidating its media businesses and creating a new digital media group that will raise ¥10 billion ($1.48 billion) to fund new projects. Read more at Fortune
" Kainos Capital, a Dallas-based investment firm that focuses on food and consumer startups, has closed its second fund with $895 in equity commitments"
" Third Rock Ventures, a Boston-based venture capital firm investing in life science companies, has closed its fourth fund with $616 million"
"hicago Ventures, a seed stage venture capital firm focusing on tech startups, has raised $66 million for its second fund"
 Kerri Sperling has joined Gemspring Capital as vice president of business development. She was most recently a senior consultant at Axial
" Dru Rushing has joined Bowside Capital, a Charleston, S.C.-based private investment firm, as vice president. He was previously a senior analyst at Citigroup"
" Maneesh Jain has joined San Francisco-based cancer diagnosis startup Cirina as chief executive. He previously was president and chief operating officer of Butterfly Network, a medical imaging company"
" Third Rock Ventures has made a number of staff changes. Abbie Celniker has joined the firm as partner, Charles Homcy has been promoted from venture partner to partner, and Frank Gentile, Steve Sherwin, and Barbara Weber have been promoted from entrepreneur-in-residence to venture partners. Celniker was previously CEO of Eleven Biotherapeutics"
 Jack Hansen has joined Atlas Partners as a director. He previously worked Berkshire Partners
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
" Deal Data: Last year was a record year for M&A, with $4 trillion worth of deals. There’s little chance of topping that figure this year, but dealmakers tried their hardest in October. My colleague Jen Wieczner reports that Evercore Partners has advised on deals worth nearly $82 billion combined in the past week alone. Almost half of the top ten deals of the year have happened in the last 11 days"
" Sweet Sweet Fantasy, Baby: Yesterday a bunch of media outlets reported that, after months of rumors and speculation, DraftKings and FanDuel, the two well-funded fantasy sports betting startups, were finally, really, truly about to merge. Term Sheet readers may remember that when the same rumors flared up back in June, we reported that deal talks were not serious"
You won’t have that same debunking here today. This time around my sources say the same thing as everyone else’s: The deal is happening. They’re not sure why it’s taken so long.
It’s not a matter of arguing over price. The startups are valued at around $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion and have agreed to a 50-50 stock deal. Bloomberg and others are reporting that DraftKings CEO Jason Robins will be CEO and FanDuel co-founder Nigel Eccles will be chairman of a board that represents each company evenly.
"One major catalyst for the deal: A $6 million fine for false advertising from the New York attorney general in October. One source expects that the companies will announce a new settlement as part of the merger or shortly thereafter. (Worth noting: Together they have raised more than $1 billion in venture funding, including from KKR, 21st Century Fox, Comcast Ventures, NBC Sports Ventures, the MLS, MLB Ventures and the NHL.)"
DraftKings spokesperson Sabrina Macias didn’t deny the deal talks but stressed that it is not done yet:
"""As we have stated previously, a potential combination would be interesting to consider. However, as a matter of policy, we don't comment on rumors or speculation, and there can be no assurances at this time that any discussion about a combination would result in an agreement or merger."" FanDuel declined to comment."
"As I wrote last week, most novel new markets start out with dozens of competitors, but eventually consolidate down to two, and then, after an intense rivalry, they merge. Last week Groupon bought LivingSocial. DraftKings and FanDuel is just the latest example. Up next: music streaming, meal kits, ride hailing…"
 PSA: Selling your company for $1 billion doesn’t automatically mean you’re a billionaire. Selling two companies for $1 billion doesn’t even necessarily make you a billionaire
" Quote of the Day: “Flat is the new up.” – Postmates CEO Bastian Lehmann, on his difficult fundraise"
" Correction: Jack Hansen joined Altas Partners as a director, not, as we inadvertently noted yesterday, Atlas Partners"
"Zcash, the latest hyped cryptocurrency. What American CEOs fear most about the election. As the Viacom turns. Wealthfront’s new CEO is a familiar face. Wells Fargo settles racketeering lawsuit. Ride-hailing discrimination. GOOG vs MSFT and the thorny problem of cyber breach etiquette. Artificial intelligence vs drug safety. Female execs are fleeing Yahoo. Alibaba’s fintech arm stays focused on Asia. Apple’s secret cash management strategy. The SEC, big data, and insider trading. What to expect from tomorrow’s Fed announcement."
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Drones, socks and the Rosewood Hotel. Goldman Sachs copies Apple’s playbook. Iftikar Ahmed’s life as a fugitive. Online pirating is hurting… the CD business. “Single Digit Millionaires.” How did Avery Stone dupe Hong Kong’s princes of finance?"
" Postmates, a San Francisco-based delivery startup, has raised $140 million in funding at a valuation of $400 million, flat from its $80 million fundraise last year. Founders Fund led the round. Read more at Fortune"
" Freshdesk, a San Bruno, Calif.-based multichannel support provider, has raised $55 million in Series F funding. Sequoia Capital India led the round, and was joined by Accel Partners"
" Graphcore, a British technology company working to accelerate machine learning, has raised $30 million in Series A funding. Robert Bosch Venture Capital GmbH led the round, and was joined by Samsung Catalyst Fund, Amadeus Capital Partners, C4 Ventures, Draper Esprit, Foundation Capital, and Pitango Venture Capital"
" Cross River Bank, a Fort Lee, N.J.-based financial services company, has raised $28 million in funding led by Battery Ventures with participation from Andreessen Horowitz and Ribbit Capital"
" Otonomo, a Tel Aviv-based connected car startup, has raised $12 million in Series A funding. Bessemer Venture Partners and Stageone Ventures led the round, with participation from Maniv Mobility and LocalGlobe"
" Emissary, a New York City-based service that connects salespeople with executives at companies they are targeting, has raised $10 million in Series A funding. Canaan Partners and G20 Ventures led the round"
" CounterTack, Waltham, Mass.-based enterprise cybersecurity company, has raised $10 million in new funding. Investors include TenEleven Ventures, Fairhaven Capital, Goldman Sachs, Razor’s Edge, ManTech International, Siemens Venture Partners, Alcatel-Lucent, EDBI, and Mitsui"
" Hubble Contacts, a New York City-based direct-to-consumer contact lens startup, has raised $7.2 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Founders Fund, Greycroft Partners, Wildcat Capital Management, Two River, and Uber co-founder Oscar Salazar. Read more"
" Gauzy, an Israeli startup that produces glass crystals used in technology glass screens, has raised $7 million in Series B funding. Lazarus Fund led the round"
" Decisive Farming Corporation, an Alberta-based provider of mobile and cloud-based software tools for crop farmers, has raised $6 million in Series A funding. McRock Capital Corporation, a venture firm that specializes in IoT companies, led the round"
" Nurx, a San Francisco-based drug prescription and delivery app (and Y Combinator alum), has raised $5.3 million in Series A funding, according to Mashable. Union Square Ventures led the round, and was joined by six Y Combinator partners and other angel investors. Read more"
" Replicated, a Los Angeles-based service that helps SaaS companies extend their services beyond the cloud, has raised $5 million in Series A funding from Amplify Partners and Webb Investment Network"
" Hungry Marketplace, an Arlington, Va.-based service that connects professional chefs with consumers, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding from private equity firm Timeless Capital"
" Lilt, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based machine translation service, has raised $2.35 million in seed funding, according to VentureBeat. Redpoint Ventures, Zetta Venture Partners, and XSeed Capital co-led the round. Read more"
" GoMeta, a San Diego-based augmented reality app, has raised $2 million in seed funding from angel investors, including Michael Eisner and former MySpace CEO Mike Jones"
" UserIQ, an Atlanta-based software company focusing on customer acquisition and retention, has raised $2 million in Series A funding. BIP Capital led the round and was joined by Accelerant Venture Capital, BLH Venture Partners, and Tech Square Ventures"
" Tecovas, an Austin-based direct-to-consumer western boot company, has raised $1.8 million in seed funding. Blue Seed Collective and angel Brian Spaly, founder of Bonobos, led the round"
" USRealty.com, a New York City-based online real estate company, has raised an undisclosed amount new funding from Third Prime Capital"
" Team Health Holdings, a Knoxville, Tenn.-based staffing provider, has agreed to be bought by Blackstone. The private equity firm will pay Team Health shareholders $43.50 per share, a premium of about 18%, in a deal valued at about $6.1 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Battery Ventures has agreed to acquire Michell Instruments, a U.K.-based moisture and humidity sensor manufacturer. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Francisco Partners and Elliott Management Corporation have acquired Dell Software Group, a former business unit Dell Inc. and formed two new entities that will operate separately: Quest and SonicWall"
" Duran, a Borosilicate glass manufacturer owned by One Equity Partners, has acquired Kimble Chase, a Rockwood, Tenn.-based laboratory glassware manufacturer, from Gerresheimer and Chase Scientific Glass for $131 million"
" Gannett announced today it will not acquire Tronc, publisher of the Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times, which recently changed its name from Tribune Publishing Co"
" Nippon Yusen K.K., Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, and Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, the top shipping Japanese companies, in terms of revenue, will combine their container shipping operations. The consolidation will create the world’s sixth largest fleet. According to the three companies, the new venture will bring in ¥2 trillion ($19.1 billion) in revenue. Read more at Fortune"
" Starbreeze AB, a Stockholm-based creator, publisher and distributor of entertainment products including VR headsets, has acquired Belgian visual effects and VR creator Nozon, for €7.1 million ($7.9 million) in cash and stock"
" NextEra Energy (NYSE:NEE) has agreed to acquire the remaining 20% stake in Oncor Electric Delivery from Texas Transmission Holdings for approximately $2.4 billion. NextEra has already announced plans to acquire the other 80% of Oncor from Texas power company Energy Future Holdings for $18.4 billion. Energy Future Holdings was taken private by KKR & Co., TPG Capital and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners in 2007 in the largest leveraged buyout in history"
No IPO news today. 
" Morsco, a Fort Worth, Texas-based plumbing equipment distributor owned by Advent International, has acquired underground water distributor Fortiline Waterworks from CHS Capital. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" TorQuest Partners has sold Global Traffic Technologies, a Saint Paul, Minn.-based traffic-control software developer, to Gilbarco"
" Bertram Capital has acquired Trademark Global, a Lorain, Ohio-based retail supplier, from Blue Point Capital Partners"
" The Carlyle Group has closed Carlyle Energy Mezzanine Opportunities Fund II, a a $2.8 billion vehicle focusing on projects and companies in the power generation and energy sectors"
" Enlightenment Capital, a Chevy Chase, Md.-based private equity firm, has closed its second fund with $147 million in capital commitments"
" OurCrowd, an Israeli equity crowdfunding platform, is fundraising for a new $50 million fund that will invest in early-stage digital companies, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Andrew Rollins has joined Sigma Prime Ventures, a Boston-based firm that focuses on early-stage technology companies as a venture partner. He was previously the co-founder of Boston-based mobile engagement platform Localytics"
" David Reis and Flavio Porciani have joined private equity firm Warburg Pincus’s London office as principal and vice president, respectively. Reis previously worked at Goldman Sachs and Porciani was a principal at Searchlight Capital Partners"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Money in the Bank: Yesterday’s Term Sheet included a last-minute deal announcement that deserves a little extra attention today: Battery Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz and Ribbit Capital invested $28 million in Cross River Bank."
"As the company’s name suggests, Cross River isn’t a hot fintech startup working out of a WeWork in SoMa. It’s a boring old FDIC-insured, deposit-taking community bank. It is eight years old and has a single branch in Teaneck, New Jersey."
"So why would three venture firms throw so much money at a bank? Well, they think Cross River can become the next Bank of America. As WSJ and others reported yesterday, the bank is doing some interesting partnerships with companies like Stripe and Mastercard, as well as online lenders."
But there’s one key element that wasn’t reported in yesterday’s announcement: Cross River is stealthily building a brand-new “next generation” consumer bank.
"It’s called Almond Bank, and its run by Ben Weiss, who was most recently entrepreneur-in-residence at Two Sigma Ventures. Prior to that he did business development at Opera Solutions and StockTwits."
"A Cross River rep declined to share any more information about Almond Bank, but from what I understand, it’s meant to be an innovative “bank within a bank.” Based in New York, the division has been in the works for about a year. LinkedIn lists around ten employees."
"One source described Almond as “if BBVA had incubated Simple instead of buying it.” You remember Simple: It was meant to be a new kind of bank with no branches and no ATM fees. It even marketed itself as an “anti-bank.” But it was plagued by outages and glitches, which led to lots of toldja-sos. (“This is what happens when your bank is an app!”) When it comes to money, trust will always trump good UX. Simple eventually sold to BBVA in 2014, and it has stayed quiet since. From the looks of it, Almond aims to pick up where Simple left off."
"White House to Sand Hill Road: President Obama has hinted he would like to dabble in venture capital once he’s out of office. Many bold-faced names on his staff have already taken jobs at startups or tech giants, including David Plouffe, Lisa Jackson, Eric Holder, Ryan Metcalf, Nick Shapiro, and Demetrios Marantis."
"Here’s one more to add to the list joining a venture firm: Jay Tansey, former presidential appointee and policy advisor at the U.S. Small Business Administration, has joined North Atlantic Capital, a Portland, Maine-based venture firm focused on late-stage technology companies, as a principal."
"For Your Health: Fortune’s inaugural Brainstorm Health conference is underway. Follow along with the livestream, if that’s your thing, right here. Some coverage from last night’s kick-off: We’ve been treating appendicitis wrong. Arianna doesn’t love VR, does love rest. Maria Shriver talks Alzheimer’s. How to stop pandemics. Meditating with Deepak Chopra. Shrinking drug development cycles. Replacing doctors with 3D printing and AI."
 Herbalife’s CEO steps down
 A tepid response for Yum’s Chinese IPO
 What it takes to become a YouTube Star
 Ousted Barclays CEO’s next act is in fintech
 The insider trading app
 More potential chip industry consolidation
 Why Mark Carney staying on for Brexit matters
 Uber partners with Lyft’s major investor
 Alibaba earnings beat
 Chipotle may oust founder
 The Russian bank with ties to Trump
 Volvo’s built-in refrigerators
…AND ELSEWHERE
Female CEOs get blamed more than their male counterparts. How the Internet is loosening our grip on the truth. Prenups for ideas.
" Voyager Labs, an Israeli artificial intelligence company, has emerged from stealth mode with $100 million in funding. Investors include OCAPAC Holding Company, Horizons Ventures, and angels Ronald Cohen and Lloyd Dorfman"
" Biohaven, a New Haven, Conn.-based biopharmaceutical company, has raised $80 million in funding. Venrock led the round, and was joined by RA Capital Management, Vivo Capital, Aisling Capital, Rock Springs Capital, John W. Childs, Knoll Capital Management, Osage University Partners, Aperture Venture Partners, Connecticut Innovations, Greg Bailey and Litmore Capital"
" Rokid, a San Francisco-based artificial intelligence and robotics smart home company, has raised more than $50 million in Series B funding at a post-money valuation of $450 million. Advantech led the round, and was joined by existing investors IDG Capital Partners and Walden International. Note: A prior edition of Term Sheet overstated the amount raised by Rokid"
" Turnstone Biologics, an Ottawa-based biotech company that develops viral immunotherapies to treat cancer, has raised $41.4 million in Series B funding. OrbiMed led the round and was joined by F-Prime Capital Partners,FACIT and Versant Ventures"
" MiRagen, a Boulder-based biotech company, has raised $40 million in funding from investors including Fidelity Management and Research Company, Brace Pharma Capital, Atlas Venture, Boulder Ventures, JAFCO, MP Healthcare Venture Management, MRL Ventures, and Remeditex Ventures. MiRagen also announced has agreed to merge with Signal Genetics, a Carlsbad, Calif.-based molecular diagnostic company"
" Paktor, a Singapore-based Tinder-like dating app, has raised $32.5 million  K2 Global and MNC Media Group led the round"
" Classy, a San Diego-based crowdfunding platform for social enterprises, has raised $30 million in Series C funding. JMI Equity led the round and was joined by Bullpen Capital, Galileo Partners, Mithril Capital Management, and Salesforce Ventures"
" ConcertoHealth, an Irvine, Calif.-based provider of healthcare services for seniors, has raised $30 million in a round led by Aboretum and Deerfield Management Company"
" Axonify, an Ontario-based company that builds gamified training platforms for employees, has raised $27 million in Series C funding. JMI Equity led the round and was joined by BDC IT Venture Fund, BDC Capital’s VC arm"
" Relayr, a Berlin-based startup creating Internet of Things technology for industrial customers, has raised $23 million in funding. Munich Re/HSB Ventures led the round, and was joined by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and Munich Venture Partners"
" uBiome, a San Francisco-based consumer microbial sequencing company, has raised $22 million in Series B funding, according to TechCrunch. 8VC led the round, and was joined by Slow Ventures, StartX, and angel investors. Read more"
" Atlas Informatics, a Seattle-based digital content organization company founded by Napster cofounder Jordan Ritter, has raised $20.7 million in funding. Investors include Microsoft, Nathan Myhrvold, and Aspect Ventures. The company also announced the launch Atlas Recall, a new product that allows consumers to build a cross-platform searchable index of their digital activity"
" Interana, a Redwood City, Calif.-based behavioral analytics company, has raised $18 million in funding in a round led by Vertex Ventures led the round, with participation from Battery Ventures, Data Collective, Allen Company, Fuel Capital, and Index Ventures"
" Teforia, a Mountain View, Calif.-based smart tea infuser and app, has raised $12 million in Series A funding. Translink Capital led the round, and was joined by Upfront Ventures, Lemnos Labs, Mousse Partners, and Correlation Ventures"
" ValiMail, a San Francisco-based automated email authentication service, has raised $12 million in Series A funding. Shasta Ventures led the round, and was joined by Flybridge Capital and Bloomberg Beta"
" Spongecell, a New York City-based ad tech company, has raised $10.5 million in a combination of equity and debt financing. Existing investor Safeguard Scientifics participated, and was joined by venture debt company Pivotal Capital"
" Ando, David Chang’s New York City-based delivery-only restaurant, has raised $7 million in Series A funding. Forerunner led the round, and was joined by BoxGroup, Wildcat Venture Partners, and angel investors including Jimmy Fallon, Aziz Ansari, and William Lauder"
" Genos Research, a San Francisco-based consumer genome sequencing startup, has raised $6 million in funding from NantWorks, a Los Angeles-based network of digital healthcare and media companies founded by billionaire pharma executive Patrick Soon-Shiong"
" AirPR, a San Francisco-based analytics company that measures the impact of PR efforts, has raised $5 million in Series B funding. Storm Ventures led the round, with participation from Salesforce Ventures, Mohr Davidow, and Correlation Ventures"
" Fleetsmith, a San Francisco-based startup that makes computer management tools for small and medium businesses, has raised $3.1 million in seed funding. Index Ventures and Harrison Metal led the round, and was joined by angel investors including Dropbox co-founder Arash Ferdowsi"
" PeerWell, a San Francisco-based mobile platforms for patients preparing for and recovering from surgery, has raised $2.1 million in seed funding in a round led by XSeed Capital"
" Avizia, a Reston, Va.-based a telehealth company, has closed its Series A rounding, adding $6 million to the $11 million it raised in July for a total of $17 million. HealthQuest Capital led the round, and was joined by NewYork-Presbyterian"
" Salt Creek Capital has acquired Extranomical Adventures, a San Francisco-based tour company. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Bridgepoint Development Partners has acquired Inspiring Learning, a U.K.-based educational tour company"
" LNC Partners has invested an undisclosed amount in OutSolve, a consulting firm for federal contractors"
" Peak Rock Capital has acquired Lew’s Fishing, a Springfield, Miss.-based fishing gear supplier"
" Bertram Capital has invested in Trademark Games Holdings, a Lorain, Ohio-based wholesale distributor"
" JMI Equity has invested in AutomotiveMastermind, a New York City-based predictive analytics and marketing automation software provider for the automotive industry"
" Strattam Capital has agreed to invest in Contegix, a Saint Louis-based IT hosting company"
" Broadcom, a Singapore-based chipmaker, said it would acquire network gear maker Brocade for $5.5 billion in cash, or $12.75 per share, 46.7% above Brocade's Friday close. Read more at Fortune"
" Valeant Pharmaceuticals International is in talks to sell Salix Pharmaceuticals, its stomach drug business, to the Japanese pharmaceutical giant Takeda for around $10 billion, the Wall Street Journal reports. Valeant acquired Salix less than two years ago for about $11 billion. Read more"
" Angie’s List, an Indianapolis-based publicly traded local services marketplace and review site, said it is exploring ‘strategic options’ after reporting a loss for a third quarter. Last year, it rejected an unsolicited $512 million buyout offer from IAC/Interactive Corp"
"GDS Holdings, a China-based provider of data centers, has priced its IPO below the expected range of $12 to $15 at $10 per share. The company will raise $192.5 million. Credit Suisse, J.P. Morgan, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and China Renaissance Securities are joint book-running managers. Shareholders include ST Telemedia (45.1% pre-IPO stake), SB China Venture Capital (18.1%) and Ping An Insurance (9.9%)"
" Fulcrum Equity Partners and Level Capital Partners have recapitalized CarePlus Medical Corporation, a senior credit company"
" Wasena Capital Management and Millpond Equity Partners have recapitalized Science First, a Yulee, Fla.-based-based designer, manufacturer, and distributor of science education equipment and supplies"
" Audax Private Equity has acquired Mobileum, a San Jose, Calif.-based mobile financial services startup, whose backers include DCM Ventures, Shelter Capital Partners, and T-Mobile. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Spotify has acquired Preact, a San Francisco-based cloud service that helps companies acquire and retain customers. Preact has raised $12.3 million from investors including Trinity Ventures, Root Ventures, Atlas Venture, Bee Partners, Boldstart Ventures, Karlin Ventures, Harmony Partners and Launchpad LA"
"Kensington Capital Partners, the manager of BC Tech Fund, has invested in Vanedge Capital II, a Vancouver-based venture capital fund focused on technology companies in cloud and Infrastructure, SaaS, cybersecurity and digital media."
" Daniel Schultz has joined Webster Capital as vice president of business development, while Alicia Alexander has been promoted to vice president of the consumer group at the private equity firm. Schultz was previously director of business development at Capstone Partners"
" Michael Drai and Kim Vender Moffat have both been promoted to managing director at Sterling Partners. Moffat joined the private equity firm in 1999, and Drai in 2008"
" Robbie Radant has joined Matrix Capital Markets Group as a director, where he’ll head the firm’s new Dallas office. He was previously vice president of mergers and acquisitions at 7-Eleven"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
A few brief notes today...
"Data Dump: PitchBook released its third quarter report on the private equity middle market. A few takeaways: Middle market deal volume continues to be on pace for a slower year than last year—as of Q3, we’re at 9.7% fewer transactions than last year. Good targets are hard to come by. Good exits are hard to come by, too. (Year-to-date they’re down 20% from the same period last year.) Median deal size is slightly down. Fundraising is on pace for a 9% drop."
"  It’d be easy to blame the election for the slow-down—investors often tend to take a wait-and-see approach—but PitchBook attributes the lag to market fundamentals that have been going on since before this election season. (So, since the beginning of time.) A bright spot: Add-on deals and niche specialist firms are driving the market."
" Speaking of the Election: PE pros seem to have mixed emotions about its effect on the market. On one hand they’re hopeful that deal volume will pick up after the uncertainty ends on November 8. On the other hand, Nov. 8 may only bring more uncertainty. And as noted above, the macro trends are not moving in the right direction."
"Bright Spots: A slow-down in mid-market exits makes the handful of them that do happen more noteworthy. Here’s one from today: KPS Capital Partners sold Anchor Glass Container Corporation to CVC Capital for $1 billion. It’s a quick turnaround for the glass packaging product company, which KPS bought two and a half years ago from parent company Ardagh Holdings USA. KPS spent “tens of millions” on the company’s facilities, increasing profits by 60%.* A source familiar with the situation says the firm earned a 5x return on its capital invested.   "
"Digression: In addition to writing Term Sheet every morning, I cover a handful of Fortune 500 tech companies, including Facebook. "
"I won’t bore you with the gory details of the tech giant’s third quarter earnings call last night, such as why investors hated 166% EPS growth and 45% operating margins, or why one adverb did the company in, or why I think Facebook’s winning streak may be ending. But if you happen like those kinds of gory details, you can read about them here."
*Note a prior version of this newsletter said KPS increased revenue by 60% when it actually increased profits by that margin. 
Why gut bacteria is having a moment
How long it takes Buffett to decide on a deal
Dangers of a Chinese real estate bubble
Q&A with the CEO of HP
The nagging legal question for FanDuel and DraftKings
Rule No. 1 for trading with China: No racial slurs
Silicon Valley’s favorite British import
Zeroing in on zero rating
Trade the Fed meeting like Steve Cohen
What’s missing from the war on cancer
Why blockchain fails
Why Latinas are abandoning corporate America
 A video game to treat brain disorders
Tech kills diversification
There’s plenty to celebrate in Healthcare Tech
…AND ELSEWHERE
Profile of Forerunner Ventures’ Kirsten Green. Tronc if you want to save journalism. $60 billion in M&A fees. Startups for death and dying.
"UrbanVolt, a Dublin-based LED lighting company, has raised €30 million ($33.2 million) in funding from Swiss private equity firm Susi Partners, according to the The Irish Times. Read more"
"Hollar, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based online dollar store, has raised $30 million in Series B funding. Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers led the round, and was joined by Comcast Ventures, Greycroft Partners, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Index Ventures, Forerunner Ventures, and Pritzker Group. Read more at Fortune"
"SatixFy, an Israeli satellite communications startup, has raised $25 million, according to Reuters. Catalyst CEL Fund led the round. Read more"
"Catchpoint Systems, a New York City-based digital performance analytics company, has raised $22.5 million in Series C funding. Sapphire Ventures led the round with participation from Battery Ventures"
"Zipongo, a San Francisco-based nutrition app, has raised $18 million in Series B funding. Mayfield led the round, and was joined by Excel Venture Management"
"Droit Financial Technologies, a New York City-based provider of software that automates derivatives trade compliance, has raised $16 million in Series A funding. Goldman Sachs, Pivot Investment Partners and Wells Fargo led the round, with participation from DRW"
"Recondo Technology, a provider of revenue management software, has raised $16 million in debt and equity. Lehmi Ventures led the round, and Bridge Capital provided debt"
"Owlet Baby Care , a Lehi, Utah-based maker of a baby monitor that includes heart rate and oxygen level measurements, has raised $15 million from Institutes of Health (NIH), Eclipse and Eniac, Trilogy Equity Partners, the Amazon Alexa Fund, RTP-HC, Capital Integral, and Broadway Angels"
"Tiff’s Treats, an Austin-based cookie company, has raised $11 million from private equity firm CIC Partners, according to Dallas News. Read more"
"PlushCare, a San Francisco-based telemedicine company, has raised $8 million in Series A funding in a round led by GGV Capital and LightSpeed Venture Partners"
"Oben, a Pasadena, Calif.-based startup that uses selfies to make 3D models in virtual reality, has raised $7.7 million in funding. CrestValue Capital, DunAn Group in China’s investment arm, led the round, and was joined by Cybernaut Westlake Partners, and Leaguer Venture Investment"
"Borrowed & Blue, a Charlottesville, Va.-based wedding vendor marketplace, has raised $7 million in Series A funding. Foundry Group led the round, and was joined by Foxhaven Asset Management, Accomplice VC, Galvanize Ventures, and Service Provider Capital"
"Zarget, a Walnut, Calif.-based marketing automation platform, has raised $6 million in Series A funding. Sequoia led the round, and was joined by Accel and Matrix"
"Simulity Labs, a Welsh IoT development company, has raised £4 million ($5 million) in funding from Foresight Group"
"Convertr Media, a London-based customer acquisition management company, has raised £3 million ($3.7 million) in Series A funding from Albion Ventures, according to BusinessMatters.  Read more"
"CollegeVine, a Cambridge, Mass.-based provider of high school mentoring for college applications, has raised $3.1 million in Series A funding. Morningside Technology Ventures led the round, and was joined by University Ventures"
"DJiT, a Paris-based maker of an app for DJs, has raised $2.6 million, according to TechCrunch. XLR Capital and Bpifrance led the round, and were joined by angels including David Guetta’s manager Jean-Charles Carré and DJ and producer Martin Solveig. Read more"
"Atomized, an Atlanta-based startup that makes connected calendars so teams can collaborate, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding"
"Linux Academy, an online training platform for employees, has raised $2.3 million in funding from Arthur Ventures"
"Indio, a San Francisco-based commercial insurance platform for brokers, has raised $2 million in seed funding from NEA, Compound, Merus Capital, 500 Startups, and insurance carrier Hiscox"
"StyleStage, a New York City-based data analytics company for retailers, has raised $2 million in seed funding. Trammell Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Sonae IM, Sonae’s VC arm"
"Octane AI, a San Francisco-based bot creation platform co-founded by Ben Parr, the managing director of early-stage VC firm DominateFund, has raised $1.5 million in seed funding. General Catalyst led the round"
"Canyon Bridge Capital Partners has agreed to acquire Lattice Semiconductor Corporation, a maker of programmable logic devices, for approximately $1.3 billion, or $8.30 per share, a 30% premium on the company’s Wednesday's trade price"
"General Atlantic has made an undisclosed investment in Synaptive Medical, a Toronto-based medical device company"
" Brambles, a supply-chain logistics provider, has agreed to divest CHEP Aerospace Solutions, one of its portfolio companies, to EQT Infrastructure II"
"Saratoga Partners has acquired Xenon Cinema, which manufactures xenon arc lamps for digital cinema projectors, from Philips Lighting"
"NxEdge, which is owned by Trive Capital, has acquired the assets of Flex’s Morgan Hill facility, a Morgan Hill, Calif.-based provider of machining and assembly capabilities. No financial terms were disclosed"
"Strattam Capital has agreed to make an undisclosed investment in Contegix, a St. Louis-based cloud computing and managed application hosting provider"
"Genstar Capital-owned Mercer Advisors has acquired Pegasus Advisors LLC, a Dallas-based investment advisory firm. No financial term"
" Ocean Rig Partners LP, a Cyprus-based offshore rig operator, has withdrawn its IPO registration. The company originally filed in October 2014, with plans to raise $305 million on the Nasdaq under the symbol ORLP"
"CVC Capital Partners and BA Glass have agreed to acquire Anchor Glass, a glass-packaging provider owned by KPS Capital Partners, for over $1 billion"
"Wynnchurch Capital has sold JAC Products, a Detroit-based supplier of roof rack systems and cargo management products, to Argonaut Private Equity and Hall Capital. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"Relay Ventures, a Canadian venture firm that invests in mobile software companies, has raised $150 million for its third fund"
"Annexus, an annuities and life insurance provider, has launched Annexus Ventures, its VC arm that will invest in early-stage insurance tech, financial tech, and software companies"
"John Perkins and Christy Carter have both joined the Boston Consulting Group as a partners. Perkins was previously managing director at Houlihan Lokey, an investment bank. Carter was most recently at CCMP Capital"
"Kurt Dammermann has been promoted to vice president of PCH’s startup accelerator Highway1. Brady Forrest, who was previously running the program, will remain on as a special advisor"
James Buzzard has joined Advent International as an operating partner. He was previously president of global packaging company MeadWestvaco Corporation
Daniel Green is joining Meketa Investment Group as a senior director in the firm’s London office. He was previously the director of Gorst Capital
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Wishing Well: Wish, the e-commerce startup valued at $3.5 billion, is raising $500 million in new funding, according to sources familiar with the situation."
"Recode first reported the news last night, noting that Temasek, the investment arm of the Singapore government, is one of the investors. But according to sources I've spoken with, Temasek may be getting cold feet about the deal."
"Last week CB Insights unveiled a Delaware filing that showed Wish authorized the sale of 7.75 million new Series F preferred shares. (Wish's formal company name is ContextLogic.) The filing revealed no pricing or investor information, except some investor-friendly liquidation preferences."
A Temasek representative declined to comment. Wish did not respond to requests for a comment.
"Launched three years ago, Wish acts as an online marketplace for extremely cheap stuff, mostly made in China. The company has claimed it will hit $2 billion in gross merchandize volume this year. Wish has raised nearly $600 million in funding from investors including 8VC and Founders Fund. Its most recent fundraise was a $500 million Series D from DST Global in mid-2015."
"Wish’s growth has come in part via aggressive advertising. Wish spends $100 million a year on Facebook ads, according to Recode. The marketplace’s goods are heavily discounted, and the company has not revealed how many repeat purchases it takes to break even on a new customer, or how many of its first-time customers return."
"Founder Peter Szulczewski has predicted his company will be a trillion-dollar-a-year marketplace, and has publicly stated he won’t sell his company for less than $10 billion."
"Driverless Hype: Last week George Hotz, founder of Andreessen Horowitz-backed self-driving car startup Comma.ai, announced that because of a threatening letter from the NHTSA, he would cancel his company’s plans to build kits that retrofit cars to drive themselves."
"“Would much rather spend my life building amazing tech than dealing with regulators and lawyers. It isn't worth it,” he tweeted. The NHTSA was asking for proof that the Comma One device was safe, with a threat to block its sale if the proof wasn’t provided."
"It’s been on my mind all week, alongside Andreessen Horowitz’s investment thesis that “software is eating the world.” The idea has become so common it is now an Onion headline: New Company Aims To Explore Intersection Of Technology, Other Thing."
One side effect of software creeping (barging) into every sector of the economy is that technologists are now butting up against rules and regulations they didn’t face when they were just selling ads and data storage.
"Despite the lessons learned from Uber and Airbnb’s regulatory stumbles, some startups still prefer pure, unadulterated, “leave us alone” disruption. As I wrote earlier this year, it’s the attitude of, “Why don’t people just trust that we are doing the right thing? Just let us work without picking apart every detail, and we’ll all be better off in the end.” Expressing concern and asking hard questions about new technologies, even in situations where the public is confused and wants to know more, makes you a “hater.”"
"Nevermind that Hotz was practically baiting regulators with his over-the-top proclamations and blustery conference speeches. (Comma’s t-shirts even say “Comma.ai / I am gonna be so rich.”) Or that self-driving kits like the Comma One operate in a legal gray area with little more than a loose set of guidelines in place. Or that building amazing technology and dealing with regulators and lawyers are not mutually exclusive. Hotz decided to take his ball and go home, an approach that, unsurprisingly, met a fairly negative response online."
"It’s possible Comma, which has less than a dozen employees, was already re-evaluating its plan to sell aftermarket kits. The company’s self-imposed year-end deadline for launching that product is fast approaching. (The founders of Cruise Automation made a similar pivot after they realized how many makes and models they’d have to integrate their kits with.) If Comma was already planning a pivot, the NHTSA provided a convenient excuse and an on-brand rallying cry (disruption!) to go with it."
"Some players in the self-driving industry are nervous about wild card startups like Comma.ai. It reminds me of the time Oculus VR CEO Brendan Iribe warned virtual reality headset competitors not to “poison the well” by introducing a product that wasn’t ready. In other words, a bad first impression could hurt the entire category. With self-driving cars, the stakes are so much higher than sub-par VR kits: It’s a matter of saving lives."
"This summer, after the Tesla Autopilot fatality, I interviewed David Strickland, former NHTSA regulator and current counsel to the Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets, a lobbying group that includes Uber, Lyft, Ford, Volvo and Google. He expressed a similar sentiment: “We need to make sure to protect the ecosystem, so that we don’t have some player taking on unnecessary risk that may impact the opportunity to fully deploy because people think self-driving may not be ready or dangerous.”"
"In case it’s not clear from my coverage, I am very excited for all the benefits of self-driving technology. As I’ve covered the topic in recent months, I’ve talked to experts ranging from academics to executives in Detroit that caution against the hype. (“The public is being fed a publicity story that is not based on reality,” one told me earlier this week.) Given the stakes, I’m willing to wait until the technology is ready."
"Corrections: Daniel Green joined Meketa Investment Group, not David. And yesterday’s link to the Facebook story was broke, you can read it here."
 Shorting Twilio
 Waiting for the relief rally
 How Paul Graham eviscerated SeatGeek
 Anheuser-Busch Inbev buys its 9th craft brewery
 A wrench in Theresa May’s exit plan
 Wells Fargo’s litigation costs
 Investing in marijuana
 How Uber will expand into Southeast Asia
 Rethinking the fitness device market
...AND ELSEWHERE
The stars of Wells Fargo. M&A boom = booming debt. Incestuous boards. Cleaned-up YouTube comments. Snap to unlock. NYC’s new digital chief. Best bros. Bro culture. Napflix.
" Xiaozhu.com, a Chinese booking website for room rentals, has raised $65 million in Series D funding. Capital Today, Joy Capital, and Bertelsmann Asia Investment Fund led the round, with participation from Heyu Capital and Morningside Venture Capital"
" Apartment List, a San Francisco-based app for apartment rentals, has raised $30 million in Series B funding. Canaan Partners led the round, and was joined by existing investors Matrix Partners and Glynn Capital"
" Planetary Resources, a Luxembourg-based company that wants to mine asteroids, has raised €25 million ($27.8 million) from the country’s government and the investment bank SNCI, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Anuvia Plant Nutrients, a Zellwood, Fl.-based plant nutrition company, has raised $23 million in funding. TPG ART led the round, and was joined by Osceola Capital and Pontifax AgTech"
" Big Viking Games, a Toronto-based social and mobile games company, has raised $22 million in funding. Royal Bank of Canada led the round, and was joined by BDC Venture Capital"
" Gfresh, a Shanghai-based mobile marketplace for seafood, has raised $20 million in Series A funding, TechCrunch reports.  Investors include the Alibaba affiliated Riverhill Fund and Legend Capital. Read more"
" The Future Group, a Norwegian augmented reality gaming company, has raised $20 million in Series C funding. Ferd ASA led the round"
" Cohero Health, a New York City-based digital health company, has raised $9 million in funding, according to MobiHealthNews. Three Leaf Ventures led the round, and was joined by Zaffre Investments, GIS Strategic Ventures, Heitkamp & Thumann Group, and P5 Health Ventures. Read more"
" Nurx, a San Francisco-based on-demand birth control app, has raised $5.3 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Union Square Ventures led the round. Read more"
" Arex, a London-based marketplace for invoices, has raised €3 million ($3.3 million) in funding. The round was led by Lifeline Ventures, with participation from LocalGlobe and angel investors"
" PetCoach, a Wayne, Penn.-based telemedicine startup for pets, has raised $2 million in seed funding in a round led by Comcast Ventures"
"CenturyLink said it will sell its data centers and colocation business to a consortium, made up of funds advised by BC Partners, Medina Capital Advisors and Longview Asset Management, for $2.3 billion. In part, the money will be used to fund CenturyLink’s planned acquisition of Level 3 Communications. In addition, the consortium has   acquired four security and analytics companies from Medina Capital: Cryptzone, Easy Solutions, Brainspace and Catbird. Read more at Fortune"
" Serent Capital has invested in Digarc, a provider of catalog and curriculum management software to higher education institutions. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Graycliff Partners has invested in Installs, a Buffalo, N.Y.-based logistic services provider for retailers"
" BC Partners and Medina Capital have agreed to buy Catbird, a Scotts Valley, Calif.-based cybersecurity company, and Easy Solutions, a Fort Lauderdale, Fl.-based provider of fraud-protection software"
" Chinese real estate and media giant Dalian Wanda has agreed to buy Dick Clark Productions, which runs the Golden Globe awards and Miss America pageants, from Eldridge Industries for $1 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Foodpanda, a food delivery company owned by Rocket Internet, has sold its Russian business, Russian Delivery Club, to Mail.Ru Group for $100 million, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Tronc’s non-executive chairman said there is the possibility the company will strike “a different type of deal” with Gannett, according to Reuters, just days after merger plans between the two companies fell apart.  Read more"
" Smart Sand (Nasdaq: SND) a Texas-based, Clearlake Capital-backed producer of sand used for hydraulic fracturing, makes its trading debut today with plans to raise $129 million by offering 11.7 million shares at $11, below its range of $15 to $18 a share"
" New Mountain Capital has agreed to sell Camber, a Huntsville, Ala.-based government services company, to Huntington Ingalls Industries for $380 million"
" Sophos has acquired Barricade, an Irish cybersecurity company. Barricade investors include Vectr Ventures and Flight Ventures. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Intel has acquired Voke, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based company that makes technology for virtual reality, according to TechCrunch. Voke raised $12.5 million from investors including Intel Capital, Nautilus Venture Partners, A+E Networks, and the Sacramento Kings. Read more"
" Gemspring Capital, a Westport, Conn.-based private equity firm specializing in lower middle market companies, has closed its first fund with $350 million of capital commitments"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"A G Thing: When Google reorganized itself as Alphabet last year, it immediately struck the “Google” brand from a number of its divisions. Google X, its “moonshot” division, became simply “X,” and Google Ventures, its VC arm, became GV. But its lesser-known growth-stage investment arm, Google Capital, took its time rebranding. On Friday afternoon, Google Capital finally revealed its new name. Sadly for my ego, they did not choose G-Cap, Fortune’s suggestion from my 2015 profile of the firm. Instead they went with the title of a Nine Inch Nails song: CapitalG."
"More important than the new name are the two new investments CapitalG revealed Friday: The firm has backed both Snap Inc., the parent of Snapchat, and Airbnb. A company representative confirmed the deals but would not elaborate on the size of its investment or when they happened. We can probably assume CapitalG participated in Airbnb’s massive September funding round, which values it at $30 billion, and Snap’s $1.8 billion funding round from this Spring, which values the company at $20 billion."
"With its $300 million fund, CapitalG’s selling point to startups is all about “value-add.” In other words, we’re not just writing checks, we’re contributing to your company’s success. The firm uses its access to 40,000 Alphabet employees, who are experts on topics as varied as security IT and search-based marketing, to help growth-stage startups solve their thorniest problems."
"This kind of thing is more common at early-stage venture firms, which offer increasingly elaborate suites of services for startups, from PR and recruiting to “design sprints” and human resources. It’s their way of competing against the flood of new money coming from basically every direction to invest in startups. But it’s less common in the late stage, where passive investors like hedge funds and mutual funds tend to write checks and then wait for the IPO."
"With that in mind, it’s very interesting to imagine the kinds of services and advice a startup like Snap, which makes money selling digital advertising, might glean from Google, the largest digital advertising company in the world. Snap and Google share a common competitor in Facebook."
"Beyond that, Snap recently announced its first hardware product, Spectacles. They’re sunglasses with a camera that automatically uploads the videos it takes to your Snapchat account. The world reacted to the news with intrigue and excitement. Less excited, I assume, were the people who worked on Spectacles’ widely ridiculed predecessor, Google Glass. Somehow Google couldn’t make face-cameras cool. Snap may actually pull it off. Together, they make an interesting alliance."
"Of course, any knowledge sharing requires Evan Spiegel, Snap’s notoriously secretive CEO who reportedly discourages collaboration among the company’s highly federated organization, to actually open up to Alphabet. But even if CapitalG winds up as passive money in this deal, it stands to earn a solid return in just a few months, based on reports of Snap’s upcoming IPO."
"Speaking of IPOs: A report from Blossom Street Ventures analyzes the ownership stakes of founders in 79 publicly traded tech companies, showing the median ownership stake at 11%. I haven’t had time to check all the data, but at first glance, I see it claims former Twitter CEO Dick Costolo as the founder of Twitter, with just a 2% stake at the time of its IPO. The company’s actual co-founders, Jack Dorsey and Evan Williams, owned a respective 4.7% and 12% stake in the company when it went public. Still, the report’s takeaway message is a sign of the times: Raising giant sums of venture money, once seen by many as a sign of success back in the halcyon Age of Unicorns, is dilutive. Preserve your equity!"
"Layoffs: Windrose Advisors, a Waltham-Mass.-based wealth management firm serving family offices, endowments and foundations, has laid off a portion of its staff, including two key players from its alternatives investment team. Andy Gribbel, a director of the firm’s private equity practice, and Kathleen Kisler, director of the firm’s hedge fund practice, were among those let go. No word from Windrose on the reason for the cutbacks."
"Cash Crunch: You may have heard of LeEco, the Chinese conglomerate, thanks to its bold ambitions to take on Apple, Google, Tesla, Amazon, and Samsung all at once."
"Now, the company’s chairman and co-founder is telling employees those bold ambitions have created a serious cash crunch, according to Bloomberg. That doesn’t bode well for LeEco’s $2 billion acquisition of Vizio, the TV maker."
"That deal was announced in July, and it hasn’t closed yet. Before LeEco came along, Vizio was on track to go public. The company had filed an S-1 just two days before LeEco made its offer. Vizio was planning to raise capital at a valuation below $1 billion, according to sources. It has around $3 billion in annual sales."
"If that valuation sounds low relative to its revenue, it’s because the TV business is highly commoditized. And it shows just how much of a premium LeEco is willing to pay for the company. When I asked LeEco about the status of the deal last month, a representative said the deal is still in process and it doesn’t comment on rumors."
"Hello, Portugal: I’ll be watching the election results from the airport tomorrow night, on my way to Lisbon for Web Summit."
"Meanwhile, in Vegas: Goldman Sachs is hosting its private internet company conference this week. Recode got its hands on the schedule, which paints an interesting picture of which startups Goldman thinks are poised to break out next. Among them: Craigslist competitor OfferUp, used car marketplace Auto1 Group, Indian fintech startup Paytm, public transit app Moovit, and peer-to-peer lending marketplace Funding Circle."
"Reminder: Term Sheet is now a two-person operation. Submit your deal news, etc., to Laura Entis."
 Oracle + Netsuite deal expected to close today
" R.I.P., Janet Reno"
 The business of gifs and en emoji convention
 How mutual funds are preparing for the election
" Automation, universal basic income, and Elon Musk"
 Vote for Business Person of the Year
 Square Capital hits the $1 billion mark
...AND ELSEWHERE
The hot new investing trend is… Interval funds. Bringing $2 trillion in overseas profits home. Even The Onion struggles to satirize this election. Which would you rather find: the next Starbucks or the next Uber? How LinkedIn drove a wedge between Microsoft and Salesforce. The gospel of Yale’s endowment guru. This election exposes the dark side of tech. Wish lists from AT&T rivals.
" Zoox, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based self-driving car company, has raised a new round of funding at a $1.55 billion valuation, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal. This summer, it raised $200 million at a valuation of $1 billion. Read more"
" Privateer Holdings, a Seattle-based cannabis company whose portfolio includes Marley Natural and Leafly, has raised $40 million in convertible debt. Read more at Fortune"
" Treasure Data, a Mountain View, Calif.-based provider of cloud services for processing large amounts of data, has raised $25 million in Series C funding round. SBI and INCJ led the round, and was joined by Scale Venture Partners, Sierra Ventures, AME Cloud Ventures, Dentsu, and IT Farm"
" TrendKite, an Austin-based PR analytics company, has raised $16.3 million in Series D funding. Adams Street Partners led the round, and was joined by Battery, Noro-Moseley and Mercury Fund"
" Freespee, a London-based conversation analytics company for marketers, has raised €9.25 million ($10.2 million) in a debt and equity in a Series B funding round, according to TechCrunch. Ventech led the round, and was joined by Sunstone Capital, Inventure, and Silicon Valley Bank. Read more"
" GoOpti, a Slovenian a long-distance ride-sharing service, has raised €4.4 million ($4.8 million) in new financing. The company received €1.5 million from a European Grant, and the rest comes via a Series A round from investors including EBRD, Point Nine, and RTA.  This item has been updated to include the correct funding amount"
" Pi-Top, a London-based computing and learn-to-code startup, has raised £3.5 million ($4.3M) in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Hambro Perks led the round, with participation from Committed Capital. Read more"
" Bayzat, a Dubai-based health insurance and HR solutions provider, has raised $3.5 million in Series A funding. Investors include BECO Capital and Precinct Partners"
" Bizongo, a Mumbai-based online business-to-business marketplace, has raised $3 million in Series A funding from Accel Partners and IDG Ventures, according to The Economic Times. Read more"
" MobiChord, a Salt Lake City-based telecom service management software provider, has raised seed funding from ServiceNow Ventures. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Bain Capital Private Equity and Bow Street have agreed to acquire Blue Nile (Nasdaq: NILE), a Seattle-based online jeweler, in an all-cash deal valued at about $500 million. Blue Nile stockholders will receive $40.75 per share, about a 34% premium over the company’s closing price on Friday. Read more at Fortune"
" Apollo Global Management has completed its previously announced $4.3 billion acquisition of San Antonio-based cloud computing company Rackspace, for $32 per share in cash. That represents a 38% premium over where Rackspace was trading on August 3, when the first reports of a possible acquisition emerged. The deal also includes a strategic equity investment in Rackspace by Searchlight Capital Partners"
" Telecommunications company Windstream will acquire Earthlink. Per the all-stock deal, which is valued at about $1.1 billion including debt, Windstream shareholders will own about 51% of the combined company, and EarthLink shareholders will own the remaining 49%. Read more at Fortune"
" Broadridge Financial Solutions (NYSE: BR) has acquired M&O Systems, a New York City-based compensation management solutions provider for broker-dealers and wealth management firms. Terms of the deal were not disclosed"
" Three microcap IPOs plan to list themselves this week, raising a combined $80 million: SenesTech (SNES), Motif Bio (MTFB) , and PetroShare (PRHR)"
" AlixPartners founder Jay Alix, along with CDPQ, PSP Investments, and Investcorp, has agreed to acquire the consulting firm from CVC Capital Partners in a deal that values AlixPartners at more than $2.5 billion. CVC acquired a majority stake in AlixPartners in 2012"
 Matthew Stadtmauer has joined Joyal Capital Management as a managing director. He was previously president of Pine Grove Asset Management
 Ben Spiers will join Simpson Thacher & Bartlett as a partner in the firm’s London office. He is currently a partner at Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer
 Carmen Alfonso Rico has joined Felix Capital as an associate. She previously worked at Morgan Stanley
" Edward J. Tirello has joined The Williams Capital Group as the head of the investment bank’s corporate finance strategic advisory team. He was previously a senior adviser in the investment banking group at Tudor, Pickering & Holt"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
I’m going to take a wild guess that many of you are reading Term Sheet from a long polling line. Here’s a few news items to help you pass the time:
"Turning Tide? JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank passed on the opportunity to sell shares of Uber to their high net worth clients, based on the lack of financial data the company provided, Bloomberg reports. Morgan Stanley did not, and its 290-page prospectus included 21 pages of risks but no net income or annual revenue figures."
"I thought this might be a story about Uber finally needing to grow up and start reporting its financials, no matter how ugly they may be. The company is done burning through billions to compete in China, after all. But it isn’t. Despite its nosebleed valuation, Uber stock is still in high demand from investors of all stripes, the report says."
Lonsdale’s Lawsuits: Note: The original version of this item did not include the fact that the 2015 lawsuit against Lonsdale was dropped. It has been updated to reflect that fact. 
"Blink Health is a startup that aims to make generic drugs cheaper through price transparency and a slick smartphone app. It has been called the “Expedia for prescription drugs.” The company launched in February and has raised more than $75 million in venture funding. Now its co-founders, Geoffrey and Matthew Chaiken, are being sued in the Southern District of New York by Eugene Kakaulin, its ex-CFO, for breach of contract and violating the protective whistleblower provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act by firing him after he allegedly alerted them to securities violations."
The New York Post reported on the suit last week using a very New York Post headline: “Generic Viagra peddler accused of stiffing business partners.” (Update: The Wall Street Journal first reported on the news.)
"Why might Term Sheet readers care about this situation? Well, it involves a familiar name: Joe Lonsdale’s new firm, 8VC, is an investor in Blink. Other Blink investors, according to the lawsuit, include Burch Creative Capital, the venture firm of J. Christopher Burch (co-founder of the fashion brand Tory Burch), MedImpact, and Bill Doyle, the man that introduced Bill Ackman to Valeant."
"Doyle may have introduced the Blink founders to Valeant, too: The lawsuit alleges that they were eager to sell some of their shares in Blink to a third party because one of them “lost half [his] money on Valeant stock.” (Other reasons cited include the need for a Hamptons house.) The complaint includes many accusations against Blink and the Chaikens: Using stolen data from a competitor, inflating revenue with an unorthodox accounting method, not paying vendors, misrepresenting transaction data, maintaining an unethical consulting relationship with an employee of MedImpact (a vendor and strategic investor), forcing employees to buy back their stock options when they left."
"One of the Chaikens loaned the company $4.8 million, requiring quarterly interest payments on it, to “take advantage of losses generated by the company and to offset their personal income in 2015, which was primarily from the sale of equity in Blink,” the complaint alleges. The complaint also accuses Matthew Chaiken of using Blink’s customer relationship management dashboard to analyze and openly discuss the drug purchase history of employees and people he knows socially."
"There’s even a sad text exchange between CEO Geoffrey Chaiken and his father, Dr. Barry G. Chaiken, over stock options, which is included as evidence in the lawsuit: “As a parent it is concerning that if this is your approach to us, your treatment of other people in life and business suggests a future no loving parent wants for their child,” the alleged text reads."
"Blink Health provided the following statement: “The complaint is false, malicious and unjustified as a matter of fact and law. The plaintiff is angry that he was terminated for cause and the complaint reflects his malicious and untrustworthy character.” 8VC did not provide a comment."
"Lonsdale isn’t mentioned by name in this lawsuit. He has been involved in a few others in recent years, though. In 2015, he was sued for sexual assault by an ex-girlfriend. Lonsdale denied the allegations and the case was dropped, but the shocking details that emerged from that suit reverberated around the Valley. The investors in Formation 8, his venture fund at the time, reportedly did not know about the lawsuit when they invested. Formation 8 broke up in 2015. Last month that break-up was the subject of a detailed BuzzFeed investigation, which describes Lonsdale’s failed attempt to bring Silicon Valley startups like Wish into Asia."
"Lonsdale is also a defendant in an ex-employee lawsuit against Hyperloop One, the well-funded transportation startup. Lonsdale invested in Hyperloop One via Formation 8 and sits on its board. That lawsuit accuses Lonsdale of breaching his fiduciary duty when he allegedly insisted the company hire his younger brother as the company’s exclusive investment bank and interrupted Hyperloop One engineers while working so they could give tours to his friends. Hyperloop One has countersued."
"8VC’s website currently features an essay Lonsdale penned in August called “A Deficit of Leadership.” It includes lines like, “Great leaders must understand how to act in such a way that they exhibit all the virtues in unison,” and quotes Cyrus the Great, Confucius, and Jesus Christ."
Random question: Does anyone know of a tool that can track VC websites and alert me when a logo has been added or removed?
"For many firms, when a portfolio company is hot, the logo goes right to the top. When it starts to fade in prominence, it gets pushed lower on the page. When it is clearly failing, it disappears. It must be awkward, as a founder, to pull up your investor’s website and realize the firm no longer wants to be associated with your company. But never fear, when the company sells, regardless of whether it’s a big win or a money-losing acqui-hire, it gets added back with a big “EXIT” badge."
"(This works in the positive, too. It’s how I noticed that Union Square Ventures quietly invested in Stripe a few years ago, or that CapitalG backed Snap and Airbnb.)"
"Voting Day: My colleague Jen Wieczner writes that Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman supports his one-time colleague and occasional rival Larry Fink, CEO of Blackrock, for Treasury Secretary. (Fink has been floated as a pick in a Clinton administration.) She writes:"
"That’s even more striking when you consider that Schwarzman and Fink once had a famous falling-out that led to BlackRock splitting off from Blackstone, which had spawned it, and that the pair are on opposite sides of the political aisle."
"“Larry is an extraordinary businessperson,” Schwarzman tells Fortune. “He’s become the go-to person for central banks to understand the practical nature of money and securities in which they invest.” Read more here."
Wieczner also writes that the stock market has voted for Clinton:
The market’s rally increased investors’ confidence that a President Clinton would be good for U.S. stocks—even though the candidate wouldn’t necessarily be good for some of the day’s biggest gainers. Read more.
"Lastly, Geoff Colvin counts the ways we have truly hated everything about this election, and asks why we put ourselves through this torment:"
"The answer is that we haven’t always hated election campaigns; in fact, it appears we’ve never hated one like we did this time. We used to love it all. Politics was America’s favorite spectator sport, with an option to participate. But this year something changed, and America can’t wait for it all to end. Read more."
  Needed: Crash course on cybersecurity
 How we’ll vote in 2020
 Wall Street prepares for a crazy Wednesday
 Moving to Canada is not as easy as you think
 Voting from space
 The one ‘safe’ investment markets are betting on for election day
 Asking Mylan to reimburse the military
 Ben Horowitz joins Lyft’s board
 Facebook vs. LinkedIn
 Prosecuters raid Samsung
 Uber settles sexual assault lawsuit
...AND ELSEWHERE
"Are CEOs overhyped and overpaid? Ackman vs. Herbalife, the movie. Twitter could sell Vine. State attorneys get in on DuPont and Dow. Larry Ellison’s hardball tactics. “Tronc might work as a name for a maker of heavy machinery or a real-estate company.” Balmer’s making government great again. Tech companies are hiring and hoarding talent. Serial killer writes Amazon reviews."
" Beijing Byte Dance Telecommunications, the parent company of the news aggregator app Toutiao, is considering raising $1 billion in a new funding round that would value the company at $10 billion, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal. The company was last valued at $500 million in 2014. Read more."
" Baidu, a Beijing-based search engine company, is looking to raise between $300 million and $500 in new funding for Waimai, its food delivery unit, according to a Bloomberg report. Read more"
" NBE-Therapeutics, a Basel, Switzerland-based biotech company focused on developing antibody-based treatments for cancer patients, has raised CHF20M ($20.5 million) in Series B funding. PPF Group led the round, and was joined by investors including Boehringer Ingelheim Venture Fund"
"  Zafin, a Vancouver-based provider of relationship banking software, has raised $10 million in funding from Vistara Capital Partners and Beedie Capital Partners"
" Fillr, a Melbourne-based machine learning service that automatically fills out online forms for consumers, has raised $5 million Series A funding. Investors include SoftBank China Capital, Southern Cross Venture Partners and Reinventure"
" GuavaPass, a Singapore-based service for finding gyms and fitness classes in Asia and the Middle East, has raised $5 million in new funding, according to TechCrunch. Vickers Venture Partners led the round. Read more"
" Tailor Brands, an Israeli automated branding startup, has raised $4 million in Series A funding, according to Globes. Mangrove Capital Partners and Disruptive Technologies led the round. Read more"
" Tend.ai, company that provides robotic technology to manage 3D printers, has raised $2 million in funding from True Ventures, according to TechCrunch. Read more."
" Simple Contacts, an on-demand contact lens prescription app, has raised $2 million in seed funding, according to TechCrunch. Autonomous Ventures led the round, and was joined by angel investors including Twitch founder Justin Kan and CityMD founder Richard Park. Read more"
" Feelter, a Tel Aviv-based retail review company, has raised $2 million in Series A funding.  Will Graylin, founder of LoopPay, led the round"
" Quantified Care, a Baltimore-based mobile platform enabling health care providers to remotely monitor patients, has raised new funding from KiwiVenture Partners II. The amount raised was not disclosed"
" GTCR has acquired RevSpring, a Wixom, Mich.-based provider of multi-channel billing and communications software to the healthcare and financial services industries. GTCR said it has committed up to $400 million to purchase additional companies in the multi-vertical billing and payments industries"
" ATL Partners has acquired Pilot Freight Services, a Media, Pa.-based transportation and logistics services provider. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Francisco Partners has acquired Prometheus Group, a Raleigh, N.C.- based provider of enterprise asset management and plant maintenance software. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed"
" Cloud Equity Group has acquired NodeServ, a Jacksonville, Fla.-based private server hosting provider. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Excellere Partners has invested in Premier Imaging Ventures, the management services provider to Riverside Radiology and Interventional Associates"
 Tesla Motors said it would acquire German firm Grohmann Engineering to both improve the quality and speed up the production of its automated manufacturing systems. No financial terms were disclosed. Read more at Fortune
" UPS has agreed to acquire Marken, a Durham, N.C.-based clinical logistics company. Marken employs more than 650 people and manages 50,000 drug and biological shipments every month. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" HarbourVest Partners, a Boston-based firm, has raised $4.77 billion in commitments its ninth fund. Dover Street IX will focus on secondary investments"
" Essex Woodlands, a Palo Alto, Calif-based private equity firm that focuses on healthcare, has raised $543 million in commitments for its ninth fund, according to an SEC filing. A prior filing from July 2016 shows the firm was originally targeting a $750 million raise for the fund"
" Juniper Capital Advisors, a Houston-based private equity firm, has raised $500 million for Juniper Capital II. The fund will focus on investments between $25 million and $75 million in U.S. oil and gas companies"
" The European Commission has raised €400 million ($442 million) for a new venture fund that will invest in regional startups. The EU said it hopes private investors will contribute an additional €1.2 billion ($1.3 billion), which would bring the fund’s total to €1.6 billion ($1.8 billion)"
" Plexus Capital, a Charlotte-based private equity firm, has raised $400 million for Plexus Fund IV, its fourth fund, which will focus on investing in profitable businesses with $10 million to $100 million in revenue"
 Scottish Equity Partners has raised £260 million ($322 million) for its fifth venture fund. SEP V will focus on high-growth tech companies located mostly in the U.K. and Ireland
 Mark Bourgeois has joined The Abraaj Group as a partner and the global head of investor engagement. He was previously chief executive officer of Atlantic-Pacific Capital
" Tom Gonser has joined Seven Peaks Ventures, an early-stage Bend, Ore.-based venture capital fund. Previously Gonser was the chief strategy officer at the digital document management service DocuSign, which he co-founded"
 Cyrus Deboo has joined Mooreland Partners as a managing director. He was previously a managing director at Sonenshine Partners
 Aneek Mamik has joined Värde Partners as head of specialty finance for North America. Mamik was previously at General Electric
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Age of Dissonance: The age of unicorns, while glorious, is over. So far this year, fewer startups have hit the prized billion-dollar valuation than did any in a single quarter last year. Profitability and sustainable growth have come into vogue, and it almost feels gauche for startups to aspire to unicorn status. Rather, executives brag about “clean terms”—meaning favorable liquidation preferences on their term sheets—and reasonable valuations."
"But we’re not in the Age of Workhorses yet. Bill Gurley, the prominent venture capitalist at Benchmark, is still issuing sky-is-falling bubble warnings. He’s not a lone Chicken Little. Fellow investors echo his sentiments behind the scenes."
"The difference now is that Gurley and his peers are done warning about out-of-control spending at overcapitalized startups. The savviest startups spent 2016 cutting their burn rates, scaling back overly ambitious growth plans, and bragging about being on track for “profitability in 2018.” The not-so-savvy ones, well, they’re dead or coasting on fumes."
"Instead, VCs are fretting over increased competition. Low interest rates and public market jitters have lured too many new sources of capital to the closed-off world of startup investing. For the past few years hedge funds and mutual funds have flooded the market with showy $100 million checks. But those unsophisticated investors, known behind closed doors as the “dumb money,” retreated this year. They felt burned by bad early-stage bets or tired of waiting for the “pre-IPO” companies they backed (ahem, Uber) to get on with the IPO already. We’re not likely to see a giant hedge fund do another early-stage deal, such as Tiger Global Management’s $15 million Series B investment in Kitchensurfing in 2014. The on-demand chef service collapsed this spring."
"The mutual fund retreat hasn’t stopped new sources of venture money from emerging. Sovereign wealth funds, multi-corporate venture funds, ambitious pension funds, and Fortune 500 companies with billions in cash on their balance sheets are now dabbling in startup investing. SoftBank and Saudi Arabia’s sovereign wealth fund recently announced a $100 billion tech fund, for example. Traditional VCs are raising increasingly bigger pools of capital to keep up."
"But the new dumb money isn’t quite as dumb as the VCs would like us to think, nor is it as fickle as its mutual fund predecessors. With fewer new unicorns and a focus on profitability, it has become easier to tell which companies have a working business model and which ones are doomed for the dead pool. That means the competition to invest in Silicon Valley’s small handful of winners is even stiffer."
"Investment bankers say their phones are ringing more than ever with new money looking to back startups. Demand is soaring as unicorns become as rare as they were before this so-called bubble. Until the sluggish IPO market makes a comeback, stiff competition will be the norm."
"No guts, no glory."
 Donald Trump is our next president
 Wall Street is shocked
 Putin is happy
 Bonds are soaring. And Bitcoin prices are up
" After panic, world markets are recovering"
" Marijuana, guns, and minimum pay had a big night"
 Theranos has yet another problem
 American Apparel is still trying to sell itself
 What Trump’s victory could mean for AT&T-Time Warner
…AND ELSEWHERE
Silicon Valley leaders are in mourning. (Except for Peter Thiel.) Plus: Drone unrest at Alphabet.
" Hired, a San Francisco-based career marketplace, raised an additional $30 million in Series C funding, bringing the round’s total to $70 million. Investors include The Glenmede Trust and the Ontario Pension Fund"
" Square Yards, an Indian real estate consulting company, raised $12 million in funding from Reliance Group, according to the Economic Times. Read more"
" Indeni, a crowd-sourced and machine learning networking company in Palo Alto, Calif., raised $10 million in funding. Investors include Sequoia Capital, iAngels, and CIRtech"
" Joy, a Seattle digital planner for brides, raised $4.5 million in seed capital, according to TechCrunch. Sierra Ventures and Matrix Partners led the round, with participation from Fuel Capital, Liquid 2 Ventures and angel investors including Zynga founder Mark Pincus. Read more"
" BioConsortia, a Davis, Calif. provider of microbial solutions to increase crop yield, raised $8 million in funding from Khosla Ventures and Otter Capital"
" Castle, a San Francisco company that provides account takeover protection, raised $2 million in seed financing. First Round Capital led the round and was joined by F-Prime Capital and FundersClub"
" Wurk, a Denver startup that helps cannabis businesses comply with regulators, raised $1 million in seed funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Arcview Group, CanopyBoulder, and Poseidon Asset Management. Read more"
" RetireUp, a Chicago-area provider of software for retirement income planning, received funding from Annexus Ventures. No financial terms were disclosed, but the investment values the company at eight figures"
" Brazilian billionaire financier Jorge Paulo Lemann’s 3G Capital is raising between $8 billion and $10 billion so it can buy a global consumer goods firm (Mondelez International or General Mills appear to be likely targets), according to a report. Tennis player Roger Federer and supermodel Gisele Bündchen are among the investors. Read more at Fortune"
" United Internet AG, a German Internet services company, agreed to sell a 33% stake in its web-hosting business unit Warburg Pincus for €450 million euros ($497 million), according to Reuters. The deal, which values the business at €2.55 billion ($2.9 billion), including €1.2 billion ($1.3 billion) of debt, means the company will delay an initial public offering for at least a year. Read more"
" Topspin Partners and Motivity Capital Partners have invested in Palmetto Moon, a speciality retailer. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Investcorp agreed to invest $20 million in Calligo Limited, a Channel Islands provider of enterprise cloud solutions"
" Caltius Mezzanine closed a mezzanine debt and minority equity investment in Walker Edison, a furniture manufacturer in Salt Lake City. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Canada Goose, a Toronto-based retailer of luxury winter apparel, is preparing to go public at a valuation of about $2 billion, according to Bloomberg. Per the report, the company has chosen Credit Suisse Group AG, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, and Goldman Sachs Group to lead an offering that could happen as soon as 2017. Canada Goose is backed by Bain Capital. Read more"
" Inbound Retargeting Technologies, a Vancouver-based ad technology company, has acquired Primeloop, a Las Vegas-based link retargeting startup. Primeloop has raised $500,000 in seed funding from 500 Startups and angel investors including Tony Hsieh"
" ParkerGale Capital, a Chicago-based private equity firm, closed its first fund with $240 million in capital commitments"
" Southern Cross raised $516 million in capital commitments for Southern Cross Latin America Private Equity Fund V, its fifth fund"
 Mason Duke has joined Bernhard Capital Partners as a vice president. He previously worked at The Parthenon Group and Code Hennessy & Simmons
" Michael Nugent has joined Vestigo Ventures as managing director. He was previously the co-founder and chief executive of Bison, a Boston-based provider of venture capital and private equity fundraising data"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Hello from Portugal, where Web Summit is underway. Many of the attendees were bleary-eyed yesterday, having stayed up until 4 a.m. watching the U.S. election results on Tuesday. At the conference, the word “Trump” seems to pepper every conversation I hear, no matter the language."
"I've asked just about everyone I've encountered what they think about the news. The answers are mostly shock, sadness, and confusion. One founder chuckled that we underestimated our country. Another expressed disbelief that almost none of the leaders in the technology, media, and finance worlds wanted Trump to win, and yet he did anyway. “That’s the most telling thing about how people feel about the state of the country,” the founder told me."
"At the registration desk, a cheerful Irish volunteer asked a group how they’re feeling. “Not so good,” a founder-type answered. The volunteer nodded. “Oh, you’re American.”"
"In the speaker lounge, a crowd gathered around a TV showing Hillary Clinton’s concession speech, with several tearing up during the broadcast. In the corner of the room, a group of men chatted through the speech. (I asked them if they were Trump supporters. “I’m just sick of it all,” one replied.)"
"The news also shifted the tone of many of the panel discussions here. “The President is supposed to be a reflection of how society wants to see themselves, and that’s very troubling,” one panelist said."
"Several startup CEOs said they planned to cut their trip short. They’d already drafted statements to send to their employees, but they felt they needed to be there in person. Some fear their employees will fret over how Trump’s proposed policies will affect their business (health care startups, for example). Others simply want to express solidarity to their workforces, specifically the women, minorities, and immigrants. “It doesn’t feel right to be away from them right now,” one told me as we shuffled through the customs line at the airport. In a similar vein, Tim Cook, Jaime Dimon, and other Fortune 500 CEOs are sending reassuring memos to their employees."
"On the Other Hand: Carl Icahn and John Paulson, both Trump advisors, cashed in yesterday. Fortune's Jen Wieczner reports that Icahn made more than $700 million on his stock portfolio Wednesday and Paulson’s hedge fund was up more than $463 million. Meanwhile Coatue Management and Glenview Capital Management took hits. Read more."
"Palette Cleanser: While the world focuses on the fallout of the U.S. presidential election, a new survey from Mourant Ozannes, an offshore law firm, details how Brexit is impacting private equity overseas. Spirits are high, considering the realities. A few highlights:"
"More than two thirds of private equity fund launches are being delayed in the U.K. and half are being delayed in Europe. Nearly half of the private equity professionals surveyed believe Brexit will decrease PE investment in European companies, and a third believe it will decrease investment in U.K. companies. Globally, 88% of the PE pros surveyed are optimistic about the next twelve months. In the U.K., 93% are optimistic."
God Complex: Yesterday on stage I moderated a spirited debate on whether entrepreneurs need a “God Complex” to drive innovation.
"As the moderator, I stayed neutral in the debate. But as the author of Term Sheet, I can offer my opinion here: No. They don’t."
"Sure, you have to be crazy and a little irrational to start a company and build something totally new based on a vision that only you can see. But somewhere in the history of startup culture, the myth of the hero entrepreneur, fighting against all odds to change the world, has gotten twisted. We’ve reverse-engineered stories about the larger-than-life personalities of founders like Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Elon Musk, and Larry Ellison. We think that Apple was successful because Steve Jobs was a jerk. And we use that belief to justify bad behavior."
There are many ways to build a great company. Doing a bad impression of Steve Jobs’ ego is probably not it.
 What to expect from Trump’s first year
 America is still investment grade
 Marc Cuban on Trump
 What Trump means for small business
" Brexit, China, and Trump panic"
 Siemens CEO Joe Kaeser on Trump
 Samsung and transparency
…AND ELSEWHERE
Back to the Future predicted this. Facebook did this. Artisanal weed. Twitter’s COO steps down. Yahoo employees knew about the hack. Nasty Gal bankruptcy. Spectacle vending machines.
" Neo Technology, a San Mateo, Calif. graph data analytics provider, raised $36 million in Series D funding. Greenbridge Investment Partners led the round, and was joined by existing investors Sunstone, Creandum, and Eight Roads Ventures"
" RiskIQ, a San Francisco cyber security company, raised $30.5 million in Series C funding. Georgian Partners led the round, and was joined by Summit Partners, Battery Ventures, and MassMutual Ventures"
" CureVac AG, a German drug developer, raised $29.5 million in funding from Baden-Württembergische Versorgungsanstalt für Ärzte, Zahnärzte und Tierärzte, and Landeskreditbank Baden-Württemberg. The company last raised €98.5 million ($110 million) in 2015 at a valuation of €1.5 billion"
" Zipline, a San Francisco medical device developer, raised $25 million in Series B funding. Visionnaire Ventures led the round and was joined by Sequoia Capital and Andreessen Horowitz"
" Cape Analytics, a Palo Alto, Calif. provider of geospatial structured data for the real estate industry, raised $14 million in funding. Formation 8 led the round and was joined by Data Collective, XL Innovate, Lux Capital, Khosla Ventures, Promus Ventures, and Montage Ventures"
" Teamleader, a Belgium-based provider of CRM, invoicing, and project management software for small and medium-sized businesses, raised €10 million ($10.9 million) in Series B funding, according to TechCrunch. Fortino Capital led the round. Read more"
" Glint, a Redwood, Calif. employee engagement platform, raised an additional $10 million for its Series C round, which closed at $37 million. Bessemer Venture Partners led the new funding"
" Rappi, a Colombian on-demand delivery service, raised $9 million in a funding round that closed in April. Andreessen Horowitz led the financing, and was joined by Foundation Capital and Redpoint Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" Enterprise Therapeutics, a U.K.-based developer of drugs to treat respiratory diseases, raised £4 million ($5 million) in funding. The round was led by Epidarex Capital and Imperial Innovations"
" SentiOne, a Polish startup that allows people to monitor individuals, topics, and brands on social media, raised $3.5 million from Venture TFI and Trigon TFI Group, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Crayon, a Boston marketing analytics company, raised a $3.35 million seed funding. Founder Collective and Baseline Ventures led the round, with participation from BoxGroup, Converge Venture Partners, and angel investors including Behance founder Scott Belsky and ex-HubSpot executives Mike Volpe and Yoav Shapira"
" Blackmoon Financial Group, a Moscow global marketplace lender, raised $2.5 million in funding. Investors include Target Global, A&NN Group, Flint Capital, and angels"
" Iimjobs.com, an Indian job portal site for mid-to-senior level managers, raised $2 million in Series A funding, according to The Economic Times. India Quotient led the round, and was joined by Tracxn Labs and Calcutta Angels. Read more"
" Toast, a Singapore cross-border payments startup for migrant workers, raised $1.5 million in pre-Series A funding. Aetius Capital led the round and was joined by startup incubator 1776 and Pepper Group"
" Buster, a Brooklyn charter bus, limo and van reservation platform for consumers, raised $1.1 million in funding. Investors include General Catalyst, Allen & Company, and Brand New Matter"
" Auxo Management invested in Stealth Monitoring, a Dallas video surveillance company. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Innovative Industrial Properties, a San Diego-based real estate investment trust that acquires medical-use cannabis facilities, has set its IPO terms. It plans to raise $175 million by offering 8.75 million shares at $20 per share"
" Advent International has purchased a stake in inVentiv Health, a clinical and commercial services provider for biopharmaceutical companies, from Thomas H. Lee Partners. The two firms now co-own the company. The deal values inVentiv at $3.8 billion"
" Onex Corp, a Toronto-based private equity firm, has raised $1.1 billion for ONCAP IV, its fourth mid-market private equity fund"
 Anthony Noto will replace Adam Bain as Twitter’s chief operating officer. Noto is currently Twitter’s chief financial officer. Bain joined the social media company in 2010 and was promoted to COO last year
"Bill Veghte has become executive chairman of Turbonomic, a Boston business software maker. The serial tech exec formerly led SurveyMonkey and worked at Microsoft and HP"
" Frazier Healthcare Partners has added four to its growth buyout team: Kent Berkley as a vice president, and Jeremy Janson, Neeraj Prathipati and Shyamal Swami as associates"
" Brendan Hannigan has joined Polaris Partners as a partner focusing on security, cloud and SaaS companies. Hannigan was previously general manager of IBM Security"
" Jay Bhatt has joined Thomas H. Lee Partners as a managing director in the firm’s media, information services and technology group. Bhatt was previously the president and CEO of Blackboard"
 Roberto Kalim will replace Persio Arida as the chairman of BTG Pactual SA. Kalim is currently the Latin American investment bank’s co-chief executive officer. Arida will remain on as a board member and partner. Note: This item has been corrected to note that Arida will not leave BTG
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"The air is crisp, the U.S. election is finally over, and I’m getting ready to spend the weekend talking about startup things with a bunch of startup founders in Lisbon."
"In other words, it’s time for Friday Feedback."
On Having a God Complex:
"Brad writes: The VP engineering of a company I was invested in described the CEO as ""Just like Steve Jobs, without the good parts."" The company failed."
John writes: I believe you are right. There is a difference between holding high aspirations and expectations and treating people poorly. There is no excuse for treating people poorly.
And there is a direct correlation to the God Complex and hype in the Silicon Valley echo chamber. One reinforces the other (in a revisionist manner as you pointed out).
"The best entrepreneurs eschew hype, embrace their employees and teammates, and execute. That is what drives success."
Rob writes: As a founder you need to violently believe in what you’re doing but it’s not the same (in fact violently opposed to) being a jerk. I’d bet most jerk founders fail.
"Nick writes: I think the media/start-up ecosystem/world tends to romanticize the role of ""jerk genius,"" thinking that’s the only way to be successful—and dealing with it a requirement for the privilege of learning from said genius."
"SD writes: I totally agree with your view on the God complex, but also sadly the biggest display of this complex would probably be Trump, and we all see how that turned out."
On Techies and Trump:
"Michael writes: I am no fan of Trump but your comments about what you are experiencing at this conference make me chuckle.  The liberal elite are confused by this election because they believe the country is Hollywood, NYC and the media. The country is much bigger and the fact that the elites don't get this is exactly how we end up with a President Trump.  All these ""sad"" faces need to look in the mirror as to why this happened."
On Almond and VC-owned Banks:
Erik writes: VCs investing in a business that can be the next Bank of America is like making a venture investment in the next Sears.
On Founder Ownership at IPO:
"Jon writes: This report should have been divided into two buckets: ""real"" technology companies and consumer-oriented companies. The latter, when they succeed, tend to take off very quickly, with very high valuation rounds very soon, and so there’s much less dilution for the founders. The former scale much more slowly and have much more dilution along the way because subsequent rounds aren't at stratospheric valuations. On top of this, proven entrepreneurs (e.g., Lew Cirne at New Relic and Jack Dorsey at Square) get much better equity positions at the outset than first time founders. So slicing the data this way would look very different. It's an interesting report, but it's going to create very unrealistic expectations for some founders."
"Thanks: To everyone who suggested tools to track the movements of company logos on venture capital firm websites. Lots of vendors that sell to VC-funded startups have a keen interest in tracking this kind of data, so I thought I’d share some of the suggestions I got: Visualping.io, Crayon.co, Connotate, Scrapinghub.com, Datanyze, Changedetection.com, and Archive.org. And lastly, there’s Formds.com."
"Many people suggested VCDelta, created by Jerry Neumann. The project became burdensome to keep up with because it wasn’t a perfect science, so earlier this year he sold it for equity to Mattermark, the venture capital data startup. It appears Mattermark has stopped updating the bot."
 Moral leadership
 Satya Nadella’s traveling revival show
 Ackman is bullish on Trump
 Opportunities and Pitfalls for legal marijuana
 Zuckerberg denies Facebook’s fake news problem
" Jaime Dimon, Treasury Secretary"
 The one pollster that got it right
 Dan Loeb’s new tech buys
 Pro-immigration cities
…AND ELSEWHERE
Verizon’s leverage with Yahoo. Fishy Fitbit takeover. Dismantling Dodd-Frank. The conflicts-of-interest president.
" Intuity Medical, a Sunnyvale, Calif. developer of blood glucose monitoring systems for diabetes management, raised $40 million. PTV Healthcare Capital led the round and was joined by Luther King Capital Management, Accuitive Medical Ventures, Investor Growth Capital, U.S. Venture Partners, Venrock, and Versant Ventures"
" ReVision Optics, a Lake Forest, Calif. developer of implantable presbyopia-correcting corneal inlay technology, raised $32 million in funding. JJDC led the round, and was joined by Canaan Partners, Domain Associates, InterWest Partners and ProQuest Investments"
" Job Today, a London mobile jobs marketplace, raised $20 million in Series B funding. Flint Capital led the round, and was joined by Accel Partners, Mangrove Capital, Felix Capital, Astremedia, Channel 4, and German Media Pool VC"
" Singular, a San Francisco marketing analytics company, raised $15 million in Series A funding. Investors include KDWC, Translink Capital, Telstra Ventures, and General Catalyst"
" PillDrill, a Las Vegas smart medication tracking system, raised $3 million in seed funding from unnamed angel investors"
" Kinematix, a Portuguese company that makes wearable devices for runners, raised €2 million ($2.1 million) in funding from Portugal Ventures"
" Heureka Software, a Cleveland cyber security company, raised $1.1 million in seed funding from Cleveland venture development organization JumpStart and local angel investors"
" Nightingale Security, an autonomous robotic service, has secured an undisclosed amount of funding from Impact Venture Capital"
" Windjammer Capital Investors has acquired Advanced Instruments, a Norwood, Mass. company that designs, manufactures, and markets laboratory products"
" Riordan, Lewis & Haden has invested in Utegration, a Texas-based provider of consulting, customization and implementation software for the utility industry. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Adobe has agreed to acquire TubeMogul, an Emeryville, Calif. advertising software platform, for about $540 million in net debt and cash. It will pay $14 per share (an 82.5% premium to Wednesday’s close price) on outstanding TubeMogul stock. TubeMogul, which was backed by VC firms including Foundation Capital and Northgate Capital, went public in 2014"
" Dolan Family Ventures, a tech investment firm founded by ex-Cablevision executives Kristin and James Dolan, has acquired Analytics Media Group, a New York City data analytics company. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Dish TV India, an Indian satellite television operator, said it plans to merge with competitor Videocon d2h, according to Reuters. The new company will bring in up to 59.16 billion rupees ($879 million) a year. Read more"
" Authorea has acquired The Winnower, an online science publishing platform. Authorea, a New York City digital collaboration platform for researchers, is backed by Lux Capital, the Knight Foundation, and ff Venture Capital"
" Gadsden Growth Properties, a real estate investment trust focused on mismanaged commercial properties, has filed for a $58 million IPO. It plans to trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol GADS"
" WildHorse Resource Development, a Houston-based oil and gas E&P backed by Natural Gas Partners, has filed to raise up to $650 million in an IPO. It plans to list on the NYSE under the ticker symbol WRD"
" American Capital Energy & Infrastructure has sold all of its energy investments, which it made over a three-year period. The firm expects the sale to general a 1.32x return on invested capital"
 Morgenthaler Private Equity has closed its second fund at $250 million. MPE Partners II will focus on investing in manufacturing and services companies
" Rob May has joined Pillar Companies, a Boston-based venture firm, as a partner. May was previously co-founder and chief executive of Backupify, which was acquired in 2014"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Hello from the home office, where any non-Trump news seems beside the point. A few brief notes to kick off your Monday:"
"Silicon Valley continues to react to the new reality. While Peter Thiel has been named to Trump’s transition team, his investment partners are speaking out against the President-Elect. In a blog post over the weekend, Geoff Lewis, a partner at Thiel’s Founders Fund, expressed his fears about the way social media has polarized the country, and about Trump’s stated threats to the First Amendment. “If some of the most frightening rumors circulating already are true, then I will face retaliation just for writing these words today,” he wrote."
"At Y Combinator, where Thiel is a part-time investor, a pro-Trump startup CEO was recently removed from the accelerator program’s network after he engaged in harassing Facebook posts with other community members, BuzzFeed News reports. The founder politicized the incident, arguing he is being censored because of his political views. Y Combinator argued the founder’s profane and threatening messages were a clear example of harassment."
"At Facebook, where Thiel is a board member, employees are questioning their company’s role in spreading misinformation. CEO Mark Zuckerberg recently used the same defense he’s used to avoid defining Facebook as a media company for years: “Identifying the ‘truth’ is complicated.” Naturally, the news fueled the spread of fake stories about Zuckerberg’s political views on (where else?) Facebook."
"If this election has shown us anything, it’s that online communities don’t police themselves very well when it comes to hoaxes, harassment, or merely stretching the truth. As I wrote earlier this year:"
Web services like Twitter had long hoped that the vibrant online communities they created would police themselves. Trolls and bullies would be shamed into playing nice.
"But mob mentality and the impersonal way screens dehumanize digital communication have allowed hatred and venom to flourish online. Somewhere along the way to the web’s starry-eyed promise of a connected world, we lost track of common decency. Online harassment of women is becoming an “established norm,” according to a recent study by cyber­security company Norton, which found that 76% of the women under 30 surveyed had experienced abuse or harassment online."
"Talent Wars: Bloomberg argues that the uneven year in startup successes and failures has hurt the startup world’s ability to recruit top talent. High private market valuations have raised questions about how much the stock options at a company like Uber or Airbnb can actually increase. Meanwhile high-profile failures make the risk seem a bit too risky for workers entering the prime earning years of their careers. Instead, workers are opting for stable jobs with higher salaries at public companies, the story argues. The evidence for the recruiting problem is mostly anecdotal, but if true, that’s a huge problem. I have yet to meet a startup CEO who doesn’t see recruiting as one of their top priorities."
"It can be hard to tell from the outside which startups have real business models and which ones are hype machines. But there’s an easy way startups can show the world their businesses are solid: They can go public. I imagine the aforementioned businesses, which passed the “risky startup” phase years ago, are waiting to resolve some regulatory issues before they IPO. But if recruiting truly becomes a problem, why not voluntarily report GAAP earnings? It would be an easy way to put a stop to all the leaks and speculation about their business models, while advertising to potential hires that they’re here for the long haul. Until then, all we have to go on is executives telling us to trust them. This year there’s been enough instances of broken trust that I can understand why recruits are skeptical."
"Frontier markets: Big buyouts are fading in Africa, while smaller deals pick up steam. KKR and Carlyle have been slow to deploy their funds dedicated to the continent, Reuters reports:"
"Around 75% of deals in the first half of 2016 were below $250 million, with most below $100 million. In 2014, around 70% of funds went on buyouts of more than $250 million. "
"Autotech: I often ask investors which category is most overhyped. Lately, their answer has been “mobility.” It started when General Motors shelled out $1 billion for tiny Cruise Automation and Uber paid $680 million for Otto, a fledgling trucking startup. Now it seems like a new mobility startup raises funding every week, and from what I understand, the valuations have increased dramatically throughout the year."
"But startups, big auto and venture funds aren’t the only ones doing deals. Today Samsung Electronics announced it would pay $8 billion for Harman International Industries. Harman gets around 65% of its revenue from auto-related sales. Except more deals to follow."
"Speaking of Mobility: This is an unusual deal: Ride-sharing startup Getaround has partnered with a 15-year-old San Francisco non-profit called City CarShare. In the deal, City CarShare will hand over its parking spaces and fleet to Getaround, which will handle bookings from Carshare’s 20,000 active members through its app, the San Francisco Chronicle reports. The reason for the deal? The non-profit could no longer compete with its venture-backed peers."
Correction: Last week's Term Sheet included the incorrect funding amount for vacation rental platform Vacasa. The correct information is listed below.
 Trump could disappoint the coal miners
 But for-profit colleges could thrive under Trump
 Will he reform the H1-B program
 The bull run for bonds is over
 Trump wants out of the climate deal
 Trump’s unblind spot
 China’s latest economic data
 American Apparel is bankrupt again
 Drone delivery in China
 Flash crash trader pleads guilty
 Deep learning in the deep seas
 Q&A with Lebron James’ agent Maverick Carter
…AND ELSEWHERE
Uncertainty putting the brakes on Chinese dealmaking. Life as an Amazon driver.
" Roofstock, an Oakland, Calif. online marketplace for single-family rentals, raised $20 million in Series B funding. Lightspeed Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Khosla Ventures, Bain Capital Ventures, Nyca Partners, QED Investors, and SV Angel"
" Vacasa, a Portland, Ore. tech-enabled vacation rental platform, raised an additional $5 million from Assurant, a risk management provider, as an extension to its previously announced Series A round of funding. The capital brings Vacasa's Series A funding to a total of $40 million"
" CurrencyFair, a Dublin peer-to-peer currency exchange marketplace, raised €8 million ($8.6 million) in funding, according to VentureBeat. Octopus Ventures and Frontline Ventures led the round. Read more"
" Perq, an Indianapolis marketing technology and advertising company, raised $1.7 million in funding from 4G Ventures, according to the Indianapolis Business Journal. Read more"
" Graham Partners has acquired Mercer Foods, a Modesto, Calif.-based freeze-dried food provider. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Marlin Equity Partners has acquired Test Direct, a U.K. software testing and quality assurance provider. The company will merge with Fairfield, Conn.-based QualiTest Group, another Marlin Equity Partners portfolio company"
" Endeavour Capital has invested in OFD Foods, an Albany, Ore.-based company that produces freeze-dried ingredients"
" Novartis AG is in talks to acquire Amneal Pharmaceuticals, a Bridgewater, N.J.-based generic drug maker, for as much as $8 billion, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Samsung Electronics has agreed to acquire Harman International Industries, a Stamford, Conn.-based U.S. auto-parts supplier and technology company, for around $8 billion. The all-cash deal values Harman’s stock at $87.65 per share, a 28% premium over the company’s Friday closing price. Read more at Fortune"
" Siemens has agreed to buy Mentor Graphics, a Wilsonville, Ore.-based company that makes technology used to design semiconductors, for $4.5 billion in an all-cash deal. The industrial giant said it would pay $37.25 per share for the company, a 21% premium to its closing share price Friday. Read more at Fortune"
" French insurer AXA has agreed to sell its insurance broking arm Bluefin to Marsh, a New York City-based insurance company for around £295 million pounds ($369 million), according to Reuters. Read more"
" Perella Weinberg Partners and Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. have agreed to merge. The financial services firms are based in New York City and Houston, Texas, respectively. The combined entity will be called Perella Weinberg Partners. TPH’s energy practice will continue operate under its existing name. Together, the firms have more than $12 billion in assets under management and more than 650 employees"
" Facebook has agreed to buy CrowdTangle, a Baltimore media-tracking company. Financial terms were not disclosed. CrowdTangle raised $2.2 million from investors including Advancit Capital, Betaworks, BoxGroup, and Lerer Hippeau Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" Blackstreet Capital Holdings sold Premier Care, a South Daytona, Fla. company that sells bathtubs and showers designed for people with restricted movement or disabilities, to the company's management"
" Homestead Capital USA, a private equity firm that invests in U.S. operating farmlands, raised $400 million in capital commitments for Homestead Capital USA Farmland Fund II, its second fund"
" Freya Macken has joined Aurelius Equity Opportunities SE & Co., a European mid-market investor, as an associate on its U.K. team. Previously Macken was an associate at Credit Agricole"
" Align Capital Partners has hired seven new employees. Joining the private equity firm’s Cleveland office: Rick Costello as an operating partner, Katie Noggle as a director of business development, Matt Beesley as a vice president, and Dustin Brode as an associate. Joining the firm’s Dallas office: Jonathan Vadiee and Kurt Smentek as associates, and Joey Delgado as an executive assistant"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"The Capital of Fintech: There’s apparently a fight, or battle, or race on between cities to become the Capital of FinTech. Hubs, scenes, ecosystems “capitals,” and various spins on the phrase Silicon Valley are overrated"
"I see the benefit of mentorship, available capital, and attracting talent, but I don’t quite see the value in fighting over who has the most and biggest. Berlin’s economy minister launched a letter-writing campaign to beg London fintech companies to move. Singapore and Hong Kong are battling with government-sponsored conferences. Does there really need to be a winner? Can’t fintech just be an everywhere thing? (PS. I can’t help but think this is a sign that the fintech frenzy, and its related valuations, might hitting its peak.)"
"Rinse, Repeat: Video streaming app Meerkat may have capitulated to Periscope, but the app used its remaining capital ($17 million from Greylock and others) to build a new video app that’s been riding high in the app store called Houseparty. Meanwhile David Byttow, CEO of failed anonymous messaging app Secret, is thinking about rebooting the app in light of the election as a sort of non-profit. Even Jason Goldberg, CEO of e-commerce flameout Fab.com who once told me he had a 30-year plan for Fab’s pivot, the furniture company Hem, has a new app called Pepo. Lastly, Marco Polo, the hot new deal everyone in the Valley seems to be buzzing about, is parent company Joya Communications’ third app"
"The lesson: Success is fleeting it comes to consumer apps. Always raise enough to try, try again."
Selling out: This morning my colleague Beth Kowitt has published a deep dive into Unilever’s ~$700 million acquisition of Seventh Generation. It’s an interesting exploration into the careful tightrope walked by eco- and health-conscious upstart brands when they decide to join forces to CPG giants
"[CEO John] Replogle, for his part, is sensitive to any suggestion that the deal was a compromise of principles. “We’re not selling out,” he says. “We’re moving forward.”"
"Likewise, it’s a sign that consumers that have long sought ""clean"" food are increasingly interested in ""clean"" personal care products:"
"The deal is a bet by Unilever on the continued evolution of a species: the eco-conscious consumer—an alert, premium-paying shopper. Initially that group was concerned only (or mostly) with what they put inside their bodies. Next they became more selective about what they put on them—and finally with what’s around them. "
"In other words, next big “clean” market could be air. Read the entire story here."
"Good Vibes: There are many ways to donate to charity, but doing so via escrow funds is a new one: An M&A services firm called SRS Acquiom has partnered with a charity group called Pledge 1% to launch “EscrowUP,” a charity program for dealmakers"
"It works like so: Every M&A deal includes an escrow fund, where the seller sets aside money in case something unexpected comes up after the deal closes. (Approximately two thirds of deals have a escrow claims after closing, though not all are necessarily granted.) Dealmakers that work with SRS Acquoim and want to participate in EscrowUp pick a charity. After the escrow period ends, SRS Acquiom donates 16 to 24 basis points on the amount held in escrow to the charity of the dealmakers’ choice. Currently Springboard Enterprises, Endeavor, Girls Who Code, Patriot Bootcamp, and Pledge 1% are available options."
"Just to be clear: the dealmakers do not actually give up any of the escrow money in this situation – that’s coming from SRS Acquiom’s profits. Paul Koenig, co-founder of the firm, argues that this form of donating builds community. “For it to have the biggest impact, it’s not just a one-time thing at the end of the year, it’s more of a way to get the positive peer pressure and community to come together and say, ‘If we all do this we can have a real impact,’” he says. “We want it to be a campaign, not just a donation to charity.”"
"A number of high profile dealmakers have chimed in with support of the program, including Steve Case of Revolution LLC, who noted that the increase in M&A between startups and Fortune 500 companies provides a greater opportunity for deal parties to give back. Seth Levine, managing Ppartner at Foundry Group, called the program a “no-brainer,” since it has zero impact on deal dynamics and upside to the community. Ron Cami, a partner at Davis Polk, said, ""The M&A community has the ability to have a substantial impact on the economy and our communities when we come together. EscrowUP offers a simple and powerful way for us to help those just starting on their entrepreneurial journey."""
"Transparency: The California Public Employees’ Retirement System disclosed how much of its profits are shared with its private equity fund managers: 14%. More significant than the actual percentage is the fact that this information was disclosed at all. It’s being characterized as a win for transparency (which many view as inevitable) in a world where the PE funds, not the LPs, hold more negotiating power. PE managers: Thoughts"
Trump's China quandary
"24 Hours in Fake News: Why Facebook won’t admit it’s a media company, and it’s missing the point. Google gets sucked in, too. And both are now restricting ads on fake news sites"
Getting real about AI
"Activist investors go after HP Enterprise, Twitter, Kate Spade"
Internet mega-attacks on the rise
Trump’s silence on bigotry
There is no Brexit plan
Preparing for the unpredictable
Dumping the cloud
The mobile video boom is hurting the carriers
Buffett cashes out of Walmart
SEC Chair Mary Jo White to step down
An Apple headset
New regulations could eliminate 80% of Didi’s vehicles in Shanghai
…AND ELSEWHERE
The business of ghost hunting… No love for IPOs. Money struggles at Faraday Future. Apple’s latest product launch is… a coffee table book. The power of vegans. A rare sort of prison crisis.
" Sauce Labs, a San Francisco provider of cloud-based testing for mobile and web applications, raised $70 million in funding from Centerview Capital Technology, IVP, and Adams Street Partners"
" MacroPoint, a Cleveland-based developer of automated location tracking software, raised $44 million in funding from Susquehanna Growth Equity"
" xAd, a New York City-based location marketing and advertising platform, raised $42.5 million in Series E funding. Eminence Capital led the round, and was and joined by W Capital, IVP, and Emergence Capital"
" Nutmeg, a U.K. provider of digital wealth management services, raised £30 million ($37.2 million). Hong Kong financial advisory firm Convoy led the round, and was joined by Schroders, Balderton Capital, Pentech, and Armada Investment Group"
" CareCloud, a provider of cloud-based healthcare solutions for physicians, raised $31.5 million in Series C funding. Blue Cloud Ventures led the round, and was joined by the PNC Financial Services Group and First Data Corporation"
" eOriginal, a Baltimore software firm focused on the management of financial asset documentation, raised $26.5 million from Philadelphia-based private equity firm LLR Partners"
" Quantopian, a Boston-based online platform for developing and testing investment algorithms, raised $25 million in Series C funding. Andreessen Horowitz led the round, and was joined by Bessemer Venture Partners, Point72 Ventures, Khosla Ventures, and Spark Capital"
" Logz.io, an Israeli log analytics software provider, raised $16 million in Series B funding. OpenView led the round, and was joined by 83North and Giza"
" Catapult Health, a Dallas provider of worksite preventive healthcare checkups, raised $10.1 million in Series B funding from UCHealth, according to Healthcare Daily. Read more"
" Siemplify, a New York City online information security platform, raised $10 million in funding. 83North and G20 Ventures led the round, with participation from angel investors"
" Musement, a Milan-based digital platform for travel booking company, raised $10 million in Series B funding, according to TechCrunch. Micheli Associati led the round, and was joined by P101, and 360 Capital Partners. Read more"
" Ava, a Zurich-based company that makes fertility-tracking wearable devices, raised $9.7 million in a Series A funding. Polytech Ventures led the round, and was joined by Blue Ocean Ventures, Global Sources, Swisscom, and ZKB"
" Zugata, a Palo Alto, Calif. mobile performance review platform for employees, raised $7 million in Series A funding. Investors include Canaan Partners, General Catalyst, and Redpoint Ventures"
" Prynt, a San Francisco startup that builds printers for smartphone cases, raised $7 million in Series A funding. GGV Capital led the round"
" GoZefo, an Indian refurbished furniture marketplace, raised Rs 40 crore ($5.9 million) in funding, according to The Economic Times. Sequoia India led the round, and was joined by Beenext and Helion Ventures. Read more"
" PlaySimple Games, an Indian mobile social gaming startup, raised Rs 27 crore ($5 million) in Series A funding, according to The Economic Times. SAIF Partners and IDG Ventures India led the round. Read more"
" Midaxo, a Finnish provider of mergers and acquisitions software, raised $4 million in Series A funding. EOC Capital and Finnish Industry Investments led the round"
" Employment Hero, an Australian HR, payroll, and employee benefits platform, closed its Series A round at AU$4.5 million ($3.4 million), according to ZDNet. AirTree Ventures, One Ventures, and AMP Ventures all participated. Read more"
" Gluru, a London-based task management platform, raised $2 million in seed funding. Investors include British Sussex Place Ventures, SAATCHiNVEST, GECAD, and Playfair Capital"
" Kit, a New York City-based platform for product recommendations, raised about $2.5 million in seed funding. Investors include Slow Ventures, Social Capital, Precursor Ventures, April Underwood, Ellen Pao, Authentic Ventures, BATF, and Expa"
" Genetesis, a Cincinnati-based medical device startup that helps physicians detect and characterize cardiac rhythm disorders, raised $1.2 million in seed financing. CincyTech and Radical Investments led the round, with participation from Loud Capital, Danmar Capital, Wilson Sonsini Investment Company, Genetesis management, and angel investors"
" Five Points Capital has invested in the previously announced LNC Partners-led recapitalization of OutSolve, a Metairie, La. provider of affirmative action planning and compliance services for federal contractors"
" Rubicon Oilfield International, a Warburg Pincus portfolio company, has bought Top-Co Holding, a provider of oilfield casing, cementing and completion products. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Reynolds American, a U.S. cigarette manufacturer, has rejected a $47 billion takeover bid from British American Tobacco. The companies remain in talks and could still reach a deal. Read more at Fortune"
" Grocery shopping center owner Regency Centers agreed to buy Equity One, an East Coast grocery store and retail center operator, for about $4.6 billion in stock, according to Reuters. The deal, which would convert each Equity One stock into 0.45 of a Regency Centers share, values Equity One’s share price at $31.44 based on Regency Centers’ closing price Monday. Read more"
" International Data Group, a global trade publisher and the owner of PCWorld and market research firm IDC, is in discussions to sell itself for more than $1 billion to a Chinese investor group, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Estee Lauder has agreed to buy Too Faced, an Irvine, Calif. cosmetic company, for about $1.45 billion. Too Faced, which expects sales to exceed $270 million this year, is backed by private equity firm General Atlantic. Read more at Fortune"
" General Electric has acquired ServiceMax, a Pleasanton, Calif.-based developer of cloud-based field service software, for $915 million. ServiceMax raised $204 million from investors including Trinity Ventures, GE Ventures, Mayfield Fund, and Crosslink Capital. Read more at Fortune"
" Accion Venture Lab has sold its stake in Varthana, a Bangalore-based specialized loans provider for private school tuition in India"
" TGP Capital Partners  has acquired Dynamatic, a Sturtevant, Wis. manufacturer of speed drives, brakes, and controls, from Woodlawn Partners. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Trivago, an online hotel search aggregator, has filed to go public, with a goal of raising $400 million. It plans to trade on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol TRVG. Expedia purchased a 62% stake in Trivago for $531 million in 2012"
" Permal Capital Management, a Boston-based private equity fund, raised $465 million for its fifth secondary fund, Permal Private Equity Opportunities V"
" Spark Capital raised $400 million for its fifth early-stage fund, Spark V, and $600 million for its second growth fund, Spark Growth II"
" Jeff Schiamberg  and Theodore E. Tutun have joined Cowen Group as managing directors, working in the firm’s consumer banking group and as the head of East Coast sponsor coverage, respectively. Schiamberg was previously a managing director at RBC. Tutun was most recently at Jefferies"
 Dan Zabrowski has joined Decheng Capital as a venture partner
 Thomas Mokulehua has joined Corridor Capital as a director of finance on the firm’s operations team. Previously Mokulehua worked at DaVita HealthCare Partners
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Just after 4 p.m. Eastern time yesterday, every single financial news outlet happened upon the exact same four pieces of information:"
"Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has confidentially filed the paperwork to go public. The IPO will likely happen in March. It will value the company at $20 billion to $25 billion. And Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs are the lead underwriters."
A couple of notes on the news:
"Snap’s comparables are going to be Facebook, which has performed so well by every metric that Fortune named CEO Mark Zuckerberg business person of the year, and Twitter, which has done, well, the exact opposite"
"It’s worth noting that when Facebook went public, it had nearly $4 billion in revenue and $1 billion in profits. It was eight years old. Most of its top executives had been in place for years. (COO Sheryl Sandberg, for example, was a five-year vet.)"
"Snap, on the other hand, is only five years old. (Note: An earlier version of this article had the incorrect age.) It’s not profitable. It has cycled through a number of top executives under CEO Evan Spiegel. It expects $250 million to $350 million in revenue, around the same size as Twitter was when it went public."
"In big, splashy IPOs like this one, narrative often trumps fundamentals. Facebook, for example, had the fundamentals, but struggled with the narrative. Zuckerberg didn’t want to put in face time on the road show and he didn’t want to ring the opening bell in New York City. He wrote his shareholder letter from his phone. He declared that Facebook’s mission “not to become a public company.” That attitude made a lot of people want to see Facebook fail, which led to narratives like the GM fiasco (“Facebook’s ads don’t work”) and the mobile struggles. As a result, Facebook’s debut was a mess and it spent almost two years trying to reverse the narrative"
"So far Snap’s narrative has been that there is no narrative. The company takes secrecy to the extreme. Spiegel avoids press and discourages collaboration among groups within Snap. Almost all information we have on Snap’s users, revenue, growth, and new hires, has been via leaks. Even employees learn about their company by reading about it in the press."
"That the company is rushing to go public so quickly is almost confusing – why does the most secretive company in the world want to force itself to start sharing? To me, it is yet another way that Snap, based in L.A., is different from Facebook and its Silicon Valley peers: It doesn’t use kumbaya mission statements to tap dance around the fact that it is a business that wants to make a lot of money. That's a narrative I think investors might actually appreciate."
"SPAC Attack: Last week Term Sheet accidentally overlooked an IPO that foreshadows the kind of debut we’ll be seeing more of this year. A SPAC owned by Gores Group bought Hostess Brands, the makers of Twinkies."
"In an uncertain market for IPOs, SPACs, which used to exist in an esoteric little niche corner of the market, are becoming more popular. A number of big name executives and firms have recently launched their own: Earlier this year Centerview Capital, Landcadia Holdings, and Chinh Chu, formerly of Blackstone Group, all created publicly traded black-check companies and are on the prowl for targets. The SPACs usually have two years to find an acquisition target, so prepare to see the action pick up there..."
"Doubling Down: On CNBC yesterday, Tim Draper of Draper Fisher Jurvetson pulled out the lady card, arguing that his portfolio company CEO Elizabeth Holmes has been attacked because of her gender."
"”Elizabeth Holmes is a great example of maybe why the women are so frustrated,” he said. “She is a woman entrepreneur who built a fabulous company, did great things for consumers and she got attacked.” When asked if he thought she was a victim, he said, “Absolutely.”"
"It is indeed unfortunate that the biggest startup blow-up of the last couple of years happens to be run by a woman. And certainly, a big part of why Theranos became such a hype machine can be traced back to the media and tech world’s desperation to prove it isn’t a boys club by showing off its female CEOs. (Which, talk about pressure...)"
"But, no. This isn’t a lady thing. If we needed further proof, last night Ars Technica published the full text of Walgreens lawsuit with Theranos, and it paints a grim picture. Walgreens claims it was actively misled by Theranos. For example, the company only found out about 31,000 voided blood tests after reading about it in the press. Theranos released a statement saying it would “respond vigorously to Walgreens’ unfounded allegations.”"
The most popular places to work for college grads
Female programmers make almost 30% less than their male counterparts
Strap in for the rate hike
Driverless vehicles vs. high performance
The startup taking on big food
Why bond markets hate Trump
On Nasdaq’s new CEO
…AND ELSEWHERE
The Wall Street firing spree is down. Martin Lipton on the short term quest for profits.
" Royole, a Chinese manufacturer of flexible displays, sensors, and smart devices, raised $80 million in pre-Series D funding from WARMSUN Holding Group. The investment values the company at around $3 billion"
" LeShi, LeEco’s parent company, raised $600 million in funding from 10 Chinese companies, according to Reuters. An initial $300 million tranche will go to Beijing-based LeEco. The company, which invests in high-tech products including electric car technology, was dealing with a cash shortage. Read more"
" Souche.com, a Beijing-based used vehicle retailer that operates an online platform for selling pre-owned cars, raised $100 million in Series C funding, according to China Money Network. Investors include Ant Financial Services Group and Ucar. Read more"
" Magenta Therapeutics, a Cambridge, Mass.-based biotechnology company developing stem cell and bone marrow-based therapeutics, raised $48.5 million in Series A funding. Third Rock Ventures, LLC and Atlas Venture led the round"
"MOD Pizza, a Seattle-based fast-casual pizza chain, raised $42 million in funding. Fidelity Management & Research Company, and PWP Growth Equity led the round"
" Mavenlink, a Irvine, Calif.-based provider of project management and organization software, raised $39 million in Series D funding. Goldman Sachs Growth Equity led the round"
" SUN Behavioral Health, a Red Banks, N.J.-based operator of psychiatric hospitals, raised $34 million in funding. Private equity firm LLR Partners led the round, and was joined by HealthInvest, NewSpring Capital, Petra Capital Partners and SV Life Sciences"
"Womply, a San Francisco-based provider of front office software for SMBs, has raised $30 million in funding led by Sageview Capital, with participation from existing investor"
"&pizza, a Washington, D.C.-based pizza chain, raised $25 million in funding. AVALT led the round"
" Aperia Technologies, a Burlingame, Calif. company that provides tire-inflation technology for the transportation industry, raised $16 million in funding. ELab Ventures led the round"
" AnalyticsMD, a Palo Alto, Calif. software platform that streamlines workflow at hospitals using data analytics, raised $13 million in funding. Norwest Venture Partners and Mayfield led the round, with participation from Y Combinator and the Stanford-StartX Fund"
" SeaLights, an Israeli cloud-based, continuous testing platform for quality assurance cycles, raised $11 million in funding. TLV Partners led the round, and was joined by Blumberg Capital, and Oren Zeev"
" Invincea, a Fairfax, Va. cybersecurity firm, raised $10 million in funding. Investors include ORIX Growth Capital, Comerica Bank, Dell Ventures, New Atlantic Ventures, and Harbert Ventures"
" Skedulo, a San Francisco provider of workforce management software, raised $9.2 million in Series A funding. Costanoa Venture Capital led the round, and was joined by Blackbird Ventures"
" PageCloud, an Ottawa developer of cloud-based website building tools, raised $11.5 million CAD ($8.6 million) in Series A funding. Investors include Accomplice, Export Development Canada, and several angel investors"
" Procurify, a Vancouver, B.C. cloud-based platform for making purchases and organizing receipts, raised $7 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Runa Capital led the round, and was joined by Point Nine Capital, Nexus Venture Partners, and the Business Development Bank of Canada. Read more"
" P2Binvestor, a Denver lender that extends accredited investor-funded credit to businesses, raised $7.7 million in funding, according to the Denver Business Journal. Rockies Venture Club led the round, and was joined by Future Venture Capital Co. Read more"
" Firefly Learning, a London-based edtech teaching and learning platform, raised £4.5 million ($5.6 million) in Series A funding. BGF Ventures led the round, and was joined by and Beringea"
" Now Interact, a Stockholm, Sweden-based digital-marketing company, raised $5 million in Series A funding, according to ArcticStartup. Investors include SEB Venture Capital, Inventure, and Industrifonden. Read more"
" Apptentive, a Seattle provider of software that enables app developers to connect with users to get their feedback, raised $3.6 million in funding, according to The Seattle Times. Origin Ventures led the round, and was joined by SurveyMonkey, Blossom Street Ventures and Vulcan Capital. Apptentive completed a $5.3 million Series A round in 2014. Read more"
" Scroll, Chartbeat founder Tony Haile’s digital subscription service that allows users to read ad-free content from multiple publishers, raised $3 million in funding, according to Recode. Investors include SoftTech, OATV, Axel Springer, News Corp and the New York Times. Read more"
"Mobalytics,  a Santa Monica-based eSports company, has raised $2.6 million in seed funding from Almaz Capital, Founders Fund, General Catalyst, and GGV Capital"
" Echo, a London app for managing prescriptions, raised £1.8 million ($2.2 million) in seed funding. LocalGlobe led the round, and was joined by Global Founders Capital"
" Orbital Shift, a Missoula, Mont. provider of employee scheduling and communication software, raised $1.25 million in Series A funding. Next Frontier led the round, and was joined by Frontier Angels and several angel investors"
" Apvera, a Singapore security intelligence platform, raised S$1.7M ($1.2 million) in funding. ACP and Spring Seeds Capital led the round, with participation from Nest Ventures, Muru-D of Singapore, and Central Exchange"
" Koch Equity Development, the investment arm of Koch Industries, has invested $2.5 billion for a stake in Infor, which sells financial and manufacturing software to businesses. The deal values Infor at $10 billion. The company’s existing shareholders, including Golden Gate Capital, Summit Partners, and Management, will maintain control of the company. Read more at Fortune"
" Wireless communications provider NewNet Communication Technologies, a Skyview Capital portfolio company, has agreed to sell its RCS Business to Samsung. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Bernhard Capital Partners-backed Brown & Root Industrial Services, a Baton Rouge, La.-based operator of engineering, construction, and maintenance services, has acquired MEI Group, a Malvern, Pa. full-service turnaround specialist for industrial facilities globally. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Spectrum Equity has invested in Tenstreet, a Tulsa, Okla. provider of driver recruiting and workflow management software for the trucking and transportation industry. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Teakwood Capital  has invested in HomeSphere, a Denver provider of digital lead generation and customer retention tools for builders and contractors. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Peak Rock Capital has sold Koroseal Interior Products, a Fairlawn, Ohio-based company that distributes and manufactures commercial interior products, to Sangetsu Corp. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"FineLineTechnologies, a Norcross, Ga.-based provider of data and RFID solutions, has undergone a recapitalization from Summit Partners. Terms of the recap were not disclosed"
"Phononic, a Durham, N.C.-based provider of solid-state cooling and heating technology, closed a $71 million investment with an additional $40 million in funding from UBS' wealth management businesses. The syndicate of investors includes GGV Capital, Lookout Capital, Eastwood Capital Corp, Venrock, Oak Investment Partners, Tsing Capital, Huaneng Invesco WLRoss, Wellcome Trust and Rex Healthcare Ventures"
" Viacom has purchased Television Federal SA (Telefe), an Argentine broadcaster, from telecom carrier Telefonica SA for $345 million in an all-cash deal. Read more at Fortune"
" GE has acquired Bit Stew Systems, a Vancouver, B.C.-based machine learning platform, and Wise.io, a Berkley, Calif.-based advanced machine learning technology. Financial terms were not disclosed. Bit Stews raised $24.3 million from investors including GE Ventures, Cisco Investments, and Yaletown Partners. Wise.io raised $3.6 million from investors including Voyage Capital. Read more at Fortune"
" FFL Partners has agreed to acquire Crisis Prevention Institute, a St. Louis-based provider of crisis prevention, non-violent physical intervention, and dementia care training, from Brockway Moran & Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Anchorage Capital Group and Littlejohn & Co. have sold Contech Engineered Solutions, a West Chester, Ohio-based provider of infrastructure services for engineers, contractors, and architects, to QUIKRETE Holdings. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"Virtual Instruments, an infrastructure performance management company, has acquired Xangati, a San Jose, Calif.-based hybrid cloud and virtualization performance management company. Xangati had raised $21.7 million in funding from investors including Alloy Ventures, Citrix Systems, HighBar Partners and Walden International"
" Snap Inc., Snapchat’s parent company, has filed paperwork with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for an IPO. The offering likely values the company between $20 and $25 billion, and could take place as early as March. Read more at Fortune"
" KKR has raised $688 million for KKR Next Generation Technology Growth Fund, a growth-equity fund focused on technology investments"
" Mosaic Health Solutions, a Durham, N.C.-based venture capital and private equity firm, and Cambia Health Solutions, a Portland, Ore.-based venture firm, have merged their investment arms into a single unit: Echo Health Ventures. The new company will manage Mosaic Health and Cambia Health’s combined portfolio"
" William J. Teuber Jr. has joined Bridge Growth Partners as a senior operating principal. Previously, he was vice chairman of EMC Corporation"
" Ian Sandler has joined Insight Venture Partners as chief operating officer. Previously, Sandler was the COO of global equities at Citadel"
"Z Capital Group, a New York City-based alternative asset management firm, has added Sean Maddock, Ashwini Sawhney, Michael Stanczak, and Tyler Hendry as operating partners, David DeMilt as managing director, and Ian Delehanty and Olivia Guo as associates"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"In today’s issue of Term Sheet, I’m providing updates on some of the stories we’ve covered in the past."
"Expansive Ventures: Over the summer Term Sheet reported on the unraveling of early stage venture firm Expansive Ventures. Co-founders Adeo Ressi and Jon Soberg had a major falling out involving accusations of office lock-outs, “ambushes” and threats. (Read the details of that here.) Soberg sued Ressi, and in arbitration, a judge ruled in favor of Soberg, requiring Ressi to pay him $3.5 million -- $2.5 million in compensation to make up for lost management fees and an additional $1 million in damages to his reputation."
"Ressi appealed. Since then, a Santa Clara county mortgage record indicates that Elon Musk, Ressi’s college roommate, loaned him $500,000 and took a lien against Ressi’s home in Palo Alto."
"On August 1, Ressi filed a Form UCC1 financing statement, which gives a creditor – in this case, Musk -- the right to take possession of assets for repayment. The collateral listed includes Ressi’s real estate, the furniture and fixtures at his Palo Alto Home, his Tesla, his advisory shares and options of three companies (called Mousera, Md Collab, and Sugegstuc), receivables from his accelerator program (The Founder Institute) and web project (TheFunded), and all cash and bank accounts."
"When asked about Musk’s involvement, Ressi said “Elon is a long-time friend and supporter, who epitomizes going all-in on business.”"
"On September 30, Judge Harold E. Kahn in the Superior Court of California confirmed the arbitration award and denied Ressi's motion to vacate or correct the decision, according to public court documents. In other words, Ressi must pay his former partner the $3.5 million."
"On Nov. 11, Ressi filed an appeal to the confirmation. He was scheduled to appear in court on Wednesday for a debtor’s exam, but on Tuesday, he filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. (Typically Chapter 11 is for companies, but he has filed as an individual.) In the filing, he lists his assets as between $10 million and $50 million and liabilities between $1 million and $10 million. Musk is listed among his creditors."
The bankruptcy filing puts the pending lawsuit on hold. Expansive Ventures’ fund and its investments remain in limbo. Ressi and Soberg each provided statements to Term Sheet that are too long to include in this newsletter. I have included them in full in the web version of this story on Fortune.com.
"Recruiting Scam: Earlier this year Term Sheet unveiled two strange, related scams aimed at the private equity and venture capital industries: One involving fake recruiting firms called Prelude Recruiting and Renaissance Recruiting, a fake VC firm called Sienna Ventures, and the other involving a fake venture capital firm called Asenqua Ventures."
The recruiting scam appears to be back in the form of a new firm called Lynn Recruitment LLC. (It’s separate from a legit firm called Lynn Recruitment in the UK.)
"The firm appears to be using a similar email scheme -- an attempt to extract a small fee and possibly steal identity data from job-seekers, according to Term Sheet tipsters, and pairing with a PR Newswire press release to make itself appear legitimate. At least one of the bios of the professionals listed does not check out. PR Newswire has since pulled its release about the firm. Emails to Lynn Recruitment have not been returned."
"Gurbaksh Chahal: Term Sheet has been vocal about Gurbaksh Chahal, the startup executive who pled guilty to misdemeanor domestic violence and battery charges several years ago. He was removed from his role of CEO of the company he started (because the board failed to cover up the incident), but later resurfaced as CEO of a new company, adtech startup Gravity4. He was sued for gender discrimination and accused of domestic violence for a second time. In August, a judge deemed the second domestic violence accusation in violation of his probation, and he was sentenced to one year in jail. Chahal is appealing the sentence and returned to his role as CEO of Gravity4 in September."
"This week, Nin Ventures, a Chicago-based early stage venture capital firm, announced Chahal has signed on as an advisor. I’ve reached out to the firm for comment on their relationship, but heard no response. Notably, Nin Ventures is run by a woman: Nin Desai."
"It is impossible to imagine that any firm that has signed on to work with Chahal is not aware of his record of abuse. Which means doing business with him is an implicit signal that your company is simply willing to overlook such actions. There are so many qualified advisors out there. Whatever business benefits that may come from working with, and implicitly approving of, someone who has, on multiple occasions, physically attacked women, can’t be worth it."
"That's it for the updates, a few more notes below... "
Housekeeping note: The “Subscribe” link on this newsletter has been broken for the last couple of days but should be fixed now. But just in case: You can go here to subscribe.
"New fund note: Slow Ventures has raised its third fund. (See below for details.) Interesting tidbit here: Slow Ventures touts the active role its LPs play in the firm – they help with the sourcing and diligence on deals and offer mentorship, introductions, and business development opportunities to portfolio companies. It’s even part of the pitch the firm made to LPs while raising this fund. The push for firms to add value now goes beyond its GPs, various operating partners, and formal programs, all the way to the limited partners."
"You may be thinking, if the LPs have to do all this work, what are they paying Slow Ventures a management fee for? The answer is time. Many of Slow Ventures’ investors are startup execs that want to “give back” to the community via angel investing but don’t have the bandwidth to take a 20 coffee meetings a week. They see Slow Ventures as an alternative to writing their own checks."
"LA Auto Show note: My colleague Kirsten Korosec got a peek into the way Ford Motor Company thinks about investing in startups, as Silicon Valley and Detroit increasingly compete and collaborate. A key quote from CEO Mark Fields: “You can throw away a lot of money really quickly.” Read more here."
"Pizza note: Several astute (hungry?) readers have pointed out that,yesterday’s Term Sheet included not one but two eight-figure funding deals for pizza chains. Pizza is the new grilled cheese, I guess…"
Correction: Yesterday’s column about Snap Inc. misstated the company’s age. It is five years old.
 Shawn Tully: Jamie Dimon tells Trump ‘No Thanks
 Corporations urge Trump to stay in the climate dea
 Peak coffee cultur
 Chanos on Valean
 Geoff Colvin: Meet Jeb Hensarlin
 Turmoil on the world’s most expensive shopping stree
 Online holiday sales poised to break record
 Neiman Marcus + Rent the Runwa
…AND ELSEWHERE
Lending Club’s Renaud LePlanche has a new startup. Prince Alwaleed open to selling Citi and Twitter stakes. More on KKR’s growth fund. Thiel’s conflicts. The complex tragedy and joy of human existence. Facebook’s unreality. Fake news outperformed real news on Facebook. Meet a fake news writer. Thanksgiving is cancelled. “Cyber sovereignty” in China. China’s cursed unicorns. A new group pushing for corporate transparency. Millennial pink. The latest Theranos stunner by John Carreyou. The professors that peddle mega-mergers.
" Zwift, a Long Beach, Calif.-based interactive indoor cycling company, raised $27 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Private equity firm Novator Partners led the round, and was joined by Shasta Ventures, Waypoint, Samchuly, and angel investors including Max Levchin. Read more"
" Honeygrow, a Philadelphia-based restaurant group, raised $20 million in Series D funding. Miller Investments led the round"
" Petuum, a Pittsburgh artificial intelligence and machine-learning platform, raised $15 million in Series A funding. Advantech Capital led the round, and was joined by Tencent, Northern Light Venture Capital, and Oriza Ventures"
" Yottaa, a Waltham, Mass. SaaS platform for facilitating online purchases, raised $13 million in funding. Stata Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by General Catalyst"
" Transcriptic, a Menlo Park, Calif. developer of robotic cloud technology for the life sciences, raised $13.4 million in funding. Data Collective led the round, and was joined by Digital Science, WuXi AppTec, and AME Cloud Ventures"
" Glycomine, a San Francisco-based biotechnology company developing therapies for orphan diseases, raised $12 million in Series A funding. Sanderling Ventures led the round, and was joined by Chiesi Ventures, and angel investors"
" Domino, a San Francisco provider of cloud computing software, raised $10.5 million in a funding. Sequoia Capital led the round"
" Particle, a San Francisco IoT platform, raised $10.4 million in funding. Root Ventures led the round, and was joined by O’Reilly Alpha Tech Ventures, and Rincon Venture Partners"
" BetterUp, a San Francisco coaching platform, raised $10 million in Series A funding. DFJ led the round, and was joined by SVAngel and Freestyle"
" CodeFights, a San Francisco online platform for learning coding skills, raised $10 million in Series A funding. E.ventures led the round"
" T-Rex, a New York City financial services technology company, raised $10 million in Series B funding. Safeguard Scientifics led the round, and was joined by Ecosystem Integrity Fund"
" Heptio, a Seattle company that uses Kubernetes to accelerate enterprise software development and increase infrastructure efficiency, raised $8.5 million in Series A funding. Accel led the round, and was joined by Madrona Venture Group. The company was founded by ex-Googlers Craig McLuckie and Joe Beda. Read more at Fortune"
" CoverWallet, a New York City online enterprise insurance management provider, raised $7.8 million in Series A funding. Union Square Ventures led the round, and was joined by Index Ventures, Highland Capital, Two Sigma Ventures, and Founder Collective"
" Yewno, a Redwood City, Calif. personalized learning platform, added $6.5 million in funding from strategic angel investor Desmond Shum. This brings its Series A round to $16.5 million. Existing investor Pacific Capital Group also contributed to the new financing"
" Jongla, a Finnish messaging startup, raised €5 million ($5.4 million) in Series B funding. Investors include Arto Boman, Circlion Capital Oy, Kontino Invest Oy, Takoa Invest Oy, Ingman Finance Oy, and JSH Capital Oy"
" M87, a Seattle provider of machine-to-machine connectivity software, raised $5 million in funding. Madrona Venture Group led the round, and was joined by Qualcomm Ventures, and Trilogy Equity Partners"
" SearchInk, a Berlin software company working to make hand-written documents searchable, raised €4.2 million ($4.5 million) in seed funding. Investors include IBB Berlin, and several angels"
" KnowledgeHound, a Chicago consumer market research company, raised $2.7 million in Series A funding round. Investors include George Spencer at Seyen Capital, Gaspar Group, InvestHer, and BRJ Ventures"
" Atomicorp Inc, a Chantilly, Va. company that develops cloud-based server security software, raised $1 million in seed funding. Blu Venture Investors led the round"
" General Atlantic has made a Rp1.08 trillion ($80.9 million) million convertible bond investment into PT MAP Boga Adiperkasa, the Indonesian operator of food and beverage brands including Starbucks and Pizza Express"
" LongWater Opportunities has acquired Fox River Mills, an Osage, Iowa-based sock manufacturer. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Charoen Pokphand Foods, which is owned by Thai billionaire Dhanin Chearavanont said it will acquire Bellisio Parent, a Minneapolis-based frozen-food producer for $1.075 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Tesoro Corp, a San Antonio, Texas-based oil refiner, has agreed to buy Western Refining for $4.1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" WellCare Health Plans said it would buy fellow health insurance provider Universal American Corp for about $600 million, according to Reuters. At $10 per Universal American share, WellCare’s offer represents a 12.5% premium on the company's Wednesday close. Read more"
" Facebook has acquired FacioMetrics, a face recognition technology company started out of Carnegie Mellon"
" Providence Equity Partners is working to find a buyer for Professional Association of Diving Instructors, a Santa Margarita, Calif.-based provider of accredited courses in scuba diving. The sale could value the company at about $1 billion, according to a report in Bloomberg. Read more"
 Exponent Private Equity has acquired mortgage finance provider Enra Group from Livingbridge and other shareholders. Financial terms were not disclosed
" Sun Capital Partners has sold Admiral Petroleum Company and Lemmen Oil Company, a Coopersville, Mich-based gas station operator, to GPM Investments. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Summit Partners  has recapitalized FineLine Technologies, a Norcross, Ga. provider of data and radio-frequency identification solutions for retailers, consumer brands and manufacturers. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Inmar, Inc., a Winston-Salem, N.C.-based provider of logistic management services for the consumer goods and healthcare industries, has agreed to acquire Collective Bias, a Rogers, Ark. social media content marketing company. Financial terms were not disclosed. Collective Bias, which raised $11 million in venture funding, is backed by Updata Partners"
" BeyondSpring, a New York City-based biotech company developing therapy for chemotherapy-induced neutropenia, filed to raise up to $100 million in an initial public offering. No pricing terms were disclosed"
" Intel said its venture capital arm would invest $250 million over the next two years in autonomous vehicle technology, particularly IoT companies working in the transportation sector. Read more at Fortune"
" Slow Ventures raised $145 million for its third fund, Slow Ventures III, to back early-stage startups and make follow-up investments in its existing portfolio companies"
" Dallas-based private equity firm Lone Star Funds raised $5.6 billion for its tenth fund, LSF X"
" EMR Capital, an Australian private equity firm, raised $860 million for its second fund, which will focus on investments in copper, gold, potash, and coking coal, according to Reuters. Read mor"
" Scott Marlette has joined Slow Ventures as a partner. Previously, he was the co-founder of GoodRx, a Los Angeles medical prescription marketplace"
 Andrew Collina has joined Alantra as a managing director in charge of US financial sponsor relationships. He was previously a managing director at BB&T Capital Markets
" Frank Jordan has joined Crestline Investors as a managing director and head of business development and client partnerships. Previously, Jordan was a partner at GoldenTree Asset Management"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Gig Economy: On-demand startups—the ones bringing us grocery, housecleaning, parking, lawn mowing, and personal butlers with a tap on our smartphones—have been out of vogue with venture investors for most of this year. When Postmates raised $140 million at a flat valuation, the company made sure to telegraph what a “super, super difficult” time it had finding willing investors."
"Part of that is over-saturation. We don’t need eight separate apps just to deliver pizza. (And as we now know, venture investors are all about the pizza restaurant chains these days, not the pizza delivery apps.)"
"But mostly, the struggle is because the business model is tougher than many initially thought. To use two startup clichés at once, there is no making it up on volume for companies handing out dollars for 85 cents. In March, I wrote that things are getting real for on-demand startups, comparing this class of companies to Wile E. Coyote, moments before he hurls himself off a cliff."
"But the entire category hasn’t collapsed yet and there’s evidence of a sustainable future. Here’s one data point to consider: On-demand startups increased the number of hourly workers they hired by 100% between January and October, according to OnBoardIQ. (The company analyzed the hiring patterns at 22 companies.) Year-over-year hiring increased by 125%."
"So the startups are growing their armies of personal butlers, housecleaners, and grocery deliverers. The problem is they may struggle to find more of them: A new study from JP Morgan Chase Institute shows that growth in worker participation in what it calls the “online platform economy” peaked in 2014. It's still growing! Just not as fast. As the traditional labor market has gotten stronger, fewer people want (or need) to participate in the gig economy."
"In-laws: Don’t you hate when your brother’s father-in-law becomes President and messes up your startup? That’s the awkward situation at Oscar Health, founded by Josh Kushner, brother of Ivanka’s husband Jared Kushner. Oscar is a health insurance startup built on the back of the Affordable Care Act. With Trump’s promise to kill the ACA, the startup’s business model is thrown into question."
My colleague Sy Mukherjee notes:
"The firm’s longer-term plans, such as selling health policies to workers employed by large employers (an Obamacare provision that wasn’t set to go into effect until next year), may be in danger if the next administration dismantles the law."
"It could take years before we know the new rules and frameworks. Oscar has raised $727 million in funding (valuing it at $2.7 billion) to weather the upcoming uncertainty, though it is burning that cash pretty quickly. It lost more than $100 million in New York and New Jersey last year."
Yesterday Josh Kushner and his co-founder Mario Schlosser acknowledged the upcoming uncertainty with a nod to its investors in a new blog post: “We are fortunate enough to have strong investor support that will enable us to achieve our long-term expansion goals.”
"Sweet Sweet Fantasy Baby: This morning DraftKings and FanDuel have confirmed what Term Sheet reported earlier this month: They are merging, it’s a 50-50 stock split, DraftKings CEO Jason Robins will lead the company, FanDuel CEO Nigel Eccles will become Chairman, and the board will be made up of an equal split from each company. This merger is apparently so equal the companies don't even have a name for the parent company. So I guess we’ll just refer to them as FanKings DraftDuel."
"In the official deal announcement, the companies noted that both brands will survive. After all, they have poured many millions into relentlessly promoting them. The companies touted efficiencies and a stronger path to profitability as a single unit. It will be a lot easier to become profitable when they're no longer spending obscene sums of money to compete against each other."
"Most importantly, the combination means the companies can “work more efficiently and economically with state government officials to develop a standard regulatory framework for the industry.” And maybe negotiate on that that $6 million settlement fee they each have to pay in the state of New York. The deal is expected to close next year."
"Twitter Turnover: Rob Fishman, the co-founder of Niche, has left Twitter, Term Sheet has learned. Twitter acquired the startup, which works with influencers on social networks like Vine, in 2015. In September Twitter pulled Niche's app from the app store and laid off much of its engineering team. Fishman's departure is unrelated to Twitter's recent decision to shut down Vine, as Niche works with influencers on other social platforms like Snapchat and Instagram as well. The unit is expected to bring in around $100 million in revenue this year and will continue to be run by Niche co-founder Darren Lachtman. Fishman confirmed his departure to Term Sheet but declined to comment further."
 Catering drone
 BMW and Baidu call off their autonomous partnershi
 Katie Fehrenbacher: The Tesla-Solar City battery farm in paradis
 Safra Catz in the White House
 How Trump can fight globalizatio
 Difficult conversations about rac
 Where Trump and Yellen agre
 Americans have been too stressed to sho
 Open borders in the Age of Trum
 Intel and A
 Table service at McDonald’
 Unemployment claims hit 43-year lo
" Twitter, the Fed, and Neel Kashkar"
 The turnaround at United Airline
 Google under Trum
 Airbnb Experience
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Larry Summers on political correctness. Trump takes credit for helping save a Ford plant that wasn’t closing. A serial con man in Silicon Valley. Lights, camera, redaction. Palantir’s friends in the White House. Goldman Sachs’ top 10 market themes for 2017."
" Sigfox, a French IoT company, raised €150 million ($160 million) in Series E funding. New investors include Salesforce, Total, Henri Seydoux, Alto Invest, Swen CP, and Tamer Group. Existing investors Bpifrance, Elliott, Intel Capital, Air Liquide, Idinvest Partners, and IXO also participated. Read more at Fortune"
" Prevalent, a Warren, N.J.-based cyber security company, raised $60 million in Series C funding. Insight Ventures led the round"
" Inspire Medical Systems, a Maple Grove, Minn. company that makes medical devices to treat sleep apnea, raised $37.5 million in funding, according to the St. Paul Business Journal. Amazak Health led the round, and was joined by OrbiMed Advisors and medical-device company Medtronic. Read more"
" Handshake, a San Francisco software company that helps students find jobs, raised $20 million in Series B funding. Spark Capital led the round, and was joined by Kleiner Perkins, True Ventures, and Lightspeed Venture Partners. Read more at Fortune"
" Sparkcentral, a San Francisco social media-focused customer service company, raised $20 million funding. LRM led the round, and was joined by Group MC, Split Rock Partners, and Jackson Square Ventures"
" PeerStreet, a Manhattan Beach, Calif. startup that provides individual investors with access to real estate-backed loans, raised $15 million in Series A funding. Andreessen Horowitz led the round, and was joined by The Kaiser Family Foundation, Rembrandt Venture Partners, and Montage Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" Cogito, a Boston AI customer engagement company, raised $15 million in Series B funding. OpenView led the round, and was joined by existing investors Romulus Capital and Salesforce Ventures"
" Proficio, a Carlsbad, Calif. cyber security, raised $12 million in funding from private equity firm Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors and telecommunications provider M1"
" Domino Data Lab, a San Francisco data science company, raised $10.5 million in funding. Sequoia Capital led the round, and was joined by existing investors Zetta Venture Partners, and Bloomberg Beta, and In-Q-Tel"
" Seventh Sense Biosystems, a Medford, Mass. developer of medical products including a one-step, push-button blood collection device, raised $10 million in Series C funding. Investors include Novartis, Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, Polaris Partners, and Flagship Ventures"
" Tray.io, a London platform for sharing SaaS integrations, raised $5 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Mosaic Ventures led the round, and was joined by Redpoint Ventures, Passion Capital, Angelpad and angel investors. Read more"
" Wearhaus, a Berkeley, Calif. wireless headphone startup, raised $4 million in Series A funding. Investors include Tellus International, Xiaoxiang Capital, and China Southern Media"
" ‪Renew, a Venice, Calif. lifestyle brand for retired baby boomers, raised $3 million in Series A funding. Venrock led the round, and was joined by Expa, WTI, Madrona, Refactor Capital and angel investors"
" Bitmark, a Taiwan blockchain startup that helps users take ownership of their digital assets, raised $1.7 million in seed funding. Cherubic Ventures led the round, and was joined by WI Harper and Digital Currency Group"
" iM Square, a Paris-based asset management company, has acquired a minority stake in Chicago-based Dolan McEniry Capital Management"
" Summit Partners-owned Perforce Software, an Eden Prairie, Minn. version control and source code management company, has acquired Seapine Software, a Mason, Ohio application lifecycle management provider"
" Deutsche Bank has sold its 20% stake in Chinese lender Hua Xia Bank to PICC Property and Casualty Co for around 23.2 billion yuan ($3.37 billion), according to Reuters. Read more"
 Tesla Motors’ shareholders have approved plans to acquire solar energy firm SolarCity by an 85% majority. Read more at Fortune
" Brookfield Asset Management offered to take a 50% to 60% percent stake in TerraForm Power, a unit of bankrupt solar company SunEdison, for $13 in cash per share of class A and B stock"
" Verizon has acquired SocialRadar, a Washington, D.C. mapping startup founded by Blackboard co-founder Michael Chasen, according to TechCrunch. Financial terms were not disclosed. SocialRadar raised $12.75 million from investors including New Enterprise Associates, NextGen Venture Partners, and angels such as Steve Case and Dave Morin. Read more"
" Boston-based private equity firm Advent International, has agreed to acquire Ansira Partners, a St. Louis marketing company, from KRG Capital Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Sprinklr, a New York City social media marketing company, has acquired Little Bird, a Portland, Ore. data analytics company founded by journalist Marshall Kirkpatrick. Little Bird raised $3.37 million in funding; investors include Oregon Angel Fund, Fresco Capital, and Mark Cuban’s Radical Investments"
" New York City-based investment firm Ardian has agreed to acquire Unither Pharmaceuticals, a French medical product manufacturer, from Equistone"
" H.I.G. Capital has acquired Empire Today, a Northlake, Ill. a carpet, floor, and window treatment retailer, from Mercury Capital. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Wholesale energy provider Energy Services Group, an Accel-KKR portfolio company, has acquired Latitude Technologies, a Plano, Texas tech services provider for the energy industry. No financial terms were disclosed"
"Ardagh Group, a London-based manufacturer of metal and glass containers for consumer packaged goods, filed to go public. It could raise as much as $1 billion, Renaissance Capital estimates. Ardagh Group plans to trade on the NYSE under the stock ticker ARD. Read more"
" Sodexo, a Paris-based food and facilities management company, has launched Sodexo Ventures, a €50 million ($53 million) fund that will invest in a variety of industries, including food tech, health and wellness, and smart buildings"
" Boldstart Ventures, a New York City-based VC firm focused on seed investments, closed its third fund at $47 million"
" Red Cedar Ventures, Michigan State University Foundation’s VC arm, raised $5 million to make pre-seed and follow-on investments in companies and technologies started in the university labs. Read more"
" Marcus Meyer has joined private equity firm Madison Capital Funding as a managing director. Previously, he was a managing director at NXT Capital"
" Highview Capital, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm, has hired Brice Baradel and Steve Russell as principals, P.J. Gilbert and Dan Picmann as vice presidents, and Tim Park and Kapish Haldia as associates"
" Palladium Equity Partners, a New York City middle market private equity firm, has made a series of promotions: Justin Green, Daniel Ilundain, and Adam Shebitz are now managing directors, Yue Bonnet, Leon Brujis, and Caleb Clark are now partners, Louisa Dalton is now a vice president and controller, Amanda Hanlon is now an assistant controller, Joe Chang is now a senior associate, and Dale Pescatore, Matthew Graziano, Anirudh Sathya, and Sam Zakay are now associates"
" Lone Star Funds has hired Felix Shabashevich as a director, and Justin Hess and Clayton Fox as senior analysts. Felix was previously a vice president at Oaktree Capital Management"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Two years ago, Ben Kaufman, then-CEO of well-funded consumer product startup Quirky, delivered one of the most awkward, and candid, on-stage interviews I’ve ever witnessed at Fortune’s annual Brainstorm Tech conference. Quirky was in meltdown mode at the time. But instead of trying to spin the situation into a positive, Kaufman, then 28, clearly articulated where Quirky had gone wrong, admitting that the company's mission, a platform to bring people’s inventions to market, had failed. The biggest reason for the failure, he said, was, “because of the traditional bounds of brick and mortar retail.”"
"A few weeks later, he stepped down as CEO of the company. Not long after that, Quirky went bankrupt."
"Kaufman went under the radar but continued to work on e-commerce projects. He recruited a few ex-Quirky people to his new company, called Scroll, and began dabbling. He built Thrice.com, a site that sells emoji-themed pool floats. He opened Auxilary, an agency that consults with brands on product design. Alongside Ricky Van Veen, Sriram Krishnan and Aaron Dignan, he created Homesick Candles, a site that sells scented candles that smell like different U.S. states. “We target people who are homesick and we sell a lot of candles. It’s very simple,” Kaufman says. (His co-founders have since taken other jobs: Van Veen is now Head of Global Creative Strategy at Facebook, Krishnan is a group product manager at Snapchat, and Dignan has a management consultancy called The Ready.)"
"Along the way, Kaufman met with BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti to discuss the ways the e-commerce industry might evolve. “Ben was trying to create this idea of products that inspire people, that they want to share, that gives them a way to connect with their friends, and it was a BuzzFeed-y way of thinking about commerce,” Peretti tells Fortune. “We met him and it was like, ‘Whoa, we are thinking about really similar things.’”"
"In October, BuzzFeed quietly acquired Scroll. The companies did not disclose the deal value."
"For the past three weeks, Kaufman has been leading a team of 10 called BuzzFeed Product Lab. Their mandate is to experiment independently with all forms of commerce until they find a formula that works. It’s early days. The company wasn’t planning to reveal the commerce initiative until next year."
"Read the rest of this article at Fortune.com for details about BuzzFeed’s brick-and-mortar retail store, the Tasty Cookbook, a product called the Fondoodler, and an e-commerce site whose name would likely force this newsletter into your spam folders."
"Related: BuzzFeed is poised to raise $200 million in new funding at a valuation that’s unchanged from its last round, according to a Delaware COB filing revealed on Friday afternoon. Recode previously reported on this round, noting it’ll be an inside round led by existing investor NBCUniversal."
IN MEMORIAM
"Harry Weller, a general partner at New Enterprise Associates, died suddenly on Saturday at the age of 46. A nationally recognized venture capitalist, Weller made Forbes’ “Midas List” for the past nine years. He is survived by his wife and two sons."
Never-Trumpers saying ‘maybe’ to the White Hous
Self-driving cars in Bosto
"Phishing is the top hacking threat, says Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnso"
Trump wants to keep his Android phone in the White Hous
Q&A with the CEO of Red Ha
Hyperloop One settles lawsui
"Ashton Kutcher, Airbnb and Code Pink protester"
Analysts on Jeff Session
Gearing up for a Trump-inspired coal boo
Trump University settlesmen
"This week’s Fortune Unfiltered podcast features Dave Brandon, CEO of Toys R Us and Chairman of Domino’s Pizz"
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Havas-Vivendi merger? Facebook plans to fight fake news. Plus, a $6 billion buyback. New Yorker profiles Black Mirror creator. This year non-tech companies have spent more money acquiring venture-backed companies than tech companies. Anthem + Cigna go to court. Spectacles in NYC. Activist investors are running out of U.S. targets."
" Genalyte, a San Diego, Calif. diagnostics company developing tests that require only a drop of blood, raised $36 million in funding from existing investors Khosla Ventures and Redmile Group"
" AdvisorEngine, formerly Vanare, a New York digital wealth management platform for investment advisors, raised $20 million in Series A funding from WisdomTree Investments"
" Joya Communications, the Palo Alto, Calif-based creator of video messaging app Marco Polo, has raised around $20 million in funding at an approximate $100 million valuation from Benchmark, according to Recode. Read more"
"RapidAPI, a Tel Aviv-based API marketplace, raised $3.5 million in seed funding. Andreessen Horowitz led the round with participation from FundersClub, SV Angel and Green Bay Advisors"
" Electric, a New York City automated support channel for small and medium-sized companies, raised $2 million in seed funding. Bowery Capital led the round, and was joined by Primary Venture Partners, Charge Ventures, Gunderson Dettmer, and Anchor Worldwide"
"Garmentory, an e-commerce marketplace for independent boutiques and emerging fashion designers, has raised a $2 million round of investment led by MHS Capital"
" Rapid Healthcare, an Irvine, Calif. mobile medical apps software company, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Watermark Venture Capital"
" Crestview Partners has closed its previously announced $424 million acquisition of Accuride Corp., an Evansville, Ind.-based provider of components to the North American and European commercial vehicle industries. The deal values Accuride Corp.’s stock at $2.58 per share in cash, a 55% premium on the company’s September 1 close"
" Huron Capital Partners-owned Drake Automotive Group, a Henderson, Nev.-based automotive products manufacturer, has acquired Fender Gripper, a Tyler, Texas-based maker of protective fender covers, trunk mats, and carpet underlayments for the automotive aftermarket. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Dyal Capital Partners, a Neuberger Berman Private Equity affiliate, has acquired a minority stake in New York City-based private equity firm KPS Capital Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Comvest Partners and JW Levin Management Partners have agreed to acquire Lasko Holdings, a West Chester, Pa.-based provider of portable fans and heaters"
"Grupo Los Grobo, a Argentina-based agribusiness company, has raised $100 million in capital from an international investment group led by Victoria Capital Partners. The group includes The University of Texas Investment Management Company, the International Finance Corporation and FMO, the Dutch development bank"
" Mountain View, Calif.-based Symantec has agreed to acquire LifeLock, a Tempe, Ariz.-based identity theft protection services company, for $2.3 billion. It will finance the deal with cash and $750 million in debt. Read more at Fortune"
" Swiss pharmaceutical giant Novartis is buying U.S.-based Selexys Pharmaceuticals in a deal worth up to $665 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Analog chipmaker Macom Technology Solutions has agreed to buy Applied Micro Circuits, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based chipmaker, for about $770 million. The deal values Applied Micro’s stock at $8.36 per share ($3.25 of cash and 0.1089 in Macom shares), a 15% premium on the company’s Friday close. Read more at Fortune"
"Boral, Australia’s largest supplier of building materials, has agreed to acquire Headwaters, a Salt Lake City, Utah-based building products firm, for $2.6 billion. Boral will pay $24.25 per share, a 21% premium on Headwater’s closing price Friday"
" New York City-based private equity firm Clayton, Dubilier & Rice has acquired BUT, a French home equipment retailer, from Steinhoff International Holdings. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Oracle has acquired Dyn, a Manchester, N.H.-based cloud-based Internet performance and DNS performance management company. Dyn raised $88 million from investors including Pamplona Capital Management and North Bridge Venture Partners & Growth Equity. Read more at Fortune"
" Optiv Security, a Denver, Colo.-based cybersecurity company majority owned by Blackstone Group, filed for an initial public offering. The number of shares being sold and their expected price was not disclosed. Optiv plans to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol OPTV. Read more at Fortune"
" Meitu, a Chinese mobile developer that makes apps to edit selfies, is testing demand for a proposed Hong Kong initial public offering of about $750 million, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Gryphon Investors, a San Francisco-based middle-market private equity firm, raised $1.1 billion for its fourth fund, Gryphon Partners IV"
" Charlotte, N.C.-based private equity firm Pamlico Capital raised $910 million for its fourth fund, Pamlico Capital IV"
 ARCH Venture Partners closed $408 million (of $550 million) for its ninth fund
 IDinvest Partners raised €250 million ($265.7 million) for its second capital growth fund. The Paris-based private equity firm is aiming for a €350 ($372 million) to €400 million ($425.1 million) close
 Permal Capital Management is now Glouston Capital Partners. The firm will continue to operate as a direct affiliate of Legg Mason
" Krish Prabhu has joined Siris Capital Group as executive partner. Previously, Prabhu was chief technology officer of AT&T and president of AT&T Labs"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"A few quick notes on today’s deal bonanza, which we can expect to continue through the end of the year."
"CPG M&A: This morning Dr. Pepper Snapple announced it will pay $1.7 billion for Bai Brands, an antioxidant beverage company. Bai is expected to do $425 million in net sales next year. Dr. Pepper already owned a minority stake in Bai. The drink’s appeal is its low sugar and low calorie count. Strand Equity was a backer of Bai."
"Meanwhile Fortune’s John Kell has the scoop on another beverage deal: PepsiCo has acquired KeVita, a maker of probiotic and fermented drinks. Similar to the Bai deal, PepsiCo had already owned a minority stake in KeVita from 2013. Likewise, KeVita drinks have low sugar and calories. But PepsiCo tends to think slightly smaller on its acquisitions, and this deal is no exception. While reports on deal rumors pegged the KeVita deal value at less than $500 million, Kell reports that the Pepsico paid just $200 million. KeVita was backed by SPK Capital, KarpReilly and the Ecosystem Integrity Fund. Read more here."
"I’ve written before about the recent interest of venture firms to back consumer products companies. With exits like Dollar Shave Club’s sale to Unilever, why wouldn’t they? But they’re now competing with their potential buyers for these deals, as CPG giants increasingly look to build relationships and invest in upstart disrupters earlier and earlier. Last week, for example, Sodexo, a Paris-based food and facilities management company, launched its own $53 million venture arm. It’s one of about 30 new venture funds launched by CPG companies in the last two years. (Sidenote, this reminds me of yesterday’s news that Accel Partners is telling its portfolio companies to “tamp down the disdain for established, non-technology companies” that they’re trying to disrupt, since those companies may end up buying them. See previously: Wal-Mart and Jet, Under Armour and MyFitnessPal, General Motors and Cruise Automation.)"
"When venture firms and corporate investors wade into the space, they’ll likely encounter private equity investors like the ones behind Bai and KeVita. Indeed, consumer-focused PE funds are going strong: This morning consumer-focused buyout firm, L Catterton, announced it has closed its eighth fund with $2.75 billion in commitments."
"Japanese M&A: Buyout firms haven’t been terribly successful breaking into the Japanese market. It’s the third-largest economy in the world, and yet buyouts have totaled an average of just $4 billion a year over the last decade. That’s starting to change, though, for a variety of reasons (succession, governance, a renewed IPO market.) Today we have proof of that change with KKR’s $4.5 billion buyout of Calsonic Kansei, the auto part maker. The firm outbid Bain Capital and MBK Partners to buy the asset from Nissan."
"Broken Chain: Goldman Sachs has ended its membership to blockchain group R3 CEV after a disagreement over the group’s planned fundraising. Fortune’s Robert Hackett has details on how the relationship fell apart. You can read that here, but in case you’re not familiar with blockchain technology or why you should care, here’s a key passage:"
"The shakeup indicates that the [blockchain] field is maturing rather than waning. Distributed ledger technologies—which underpin cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin—are gearing up to replace the aging back office software and databases that keep Wall Street humming. As these blockchain solutions come closer to reality, the companies backing their production are beginning to pick sides."
"Cloud M&A: Yesterday Oracle acquired Dyn, a DNS services company backed by $100 million in funding from Pamplona Capital Management and North Bridge Venture Partners & Growth Equity. Fortune’s Barb Darrow notes that big cloud companies are likely eyeing Dyn competitors Cloudflare and Verisign as attractive acquisition targets. Darrow also confirms a report from Dan Primack that the deal value was between $600 million to $700 million. Read more."
" Nearly 9,000 Attorneys want to keep Steve Bannon out of the White Hous"
 The risk of appealing the AC
" TPP dead, AT&T gets new lif"
 Buffett’s 17-year predictio
 The cost of protecting Trump in NY
 Trump and Icah
 Trump and net neutralit
…AND ELSEWHERE
The blackest box in all of finance. Get ready for buyback bonanza. John Paulson went long on Trump. Valuation school. Facebook’s experimental drone project is under investigation. Q&A with Jared Kushner.
" Barefoot Networks, a Palo Alto, Calif. chipmaker, raised an additional $23 million in Series C funding. Alibaba and Tencent led the financing, which brings the round to $80 million"
" Aye Finance, a New Delhi startup that provides micro-loans to businesses in Northern India, raised $10.3 in funding. LGT led the round, and was joined by SAIF Partners, and Accion, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" PayKey, an Israeli peer-to-peer payments company, raised $6 million in Series A funding. E.ventures and Gaby Salem led the round, and was joined by CommerzVentures, Mastercard and Santander InnoVentures, Digital Leaders Ventures, and Magma VC"
" Vymo, a Bengaluru, India sales analytics company, raised $5 million in Series A funding from Sequoia India, according to The Economic Times. Read more"
" True Link Financial, a San Francisco financial services provider for seniors, raised $3.6 million in funding. Investors include Kapor Capital, Initialized Capital, Symmetrical Ventures, and the Ziegler Link-Age Longevity Fund"
" SafeDK, an Israeli SDK management platform for developers, raised $3.5 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Apptopia, a Boston app analytics company, raised $2.7 million in seed funding. Sound Ventures led the round"
" Recursion Pharmaceuticals, a Salt Lake City drug discovery company focused on rare genetic diseases, raised an additional $2.2 million in Series A funding from Felicis Ventures and several angel investors, closing the round at $15.1 million"
" Helpshift, a San Francisco provider of mobile customer support experience solutions, raised an additional $1.8 million in Series B funding from Cisco"
" Cera, a London health technology company, raised $1.3 million. Investors include Credo Ventures and the World Health Organization"
" Findo, a Menlo Park, Calif AI-powered virtual assistant, raised an addition $1 million in funding, closing its seed round at $7 million. Investors include ABBYY, Flint Capital Venture Fund, and Foxit"
" PatSnap, a Singapore-based IP analytics platform, raised an undisclosed amount in Series C funding. Sequoia Capital led the round, and was joined by Shunwei Capitaland Qualgro"
" KKR has agreed to acquire Calsonic Kansei, a Japan-based auto parts manufacturer, from Nissan Motor and other shareholders for as much as ¥ 498.3 billion ($4.5 billion). Read more at Fortune"
" Generation Growth Capital has invested an undisclosed amount in Select Food Products, a Plymouth, Minn.-based food manufacturer specializing in the sandwich, breakfast, snack and desserts"
" Marlin Equity Partners has acquired Edgenet, a Nashville, Tenn-based provider of cloud-based product content network and home improvement configuration software and services. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Millpond Equity Partners and Wasena Capital Management have agreed to acquire Hands-On Learning, a Denver, Colorado-based science curriculum and lab kits manufacturer"
" Goldman Sachs has pulled out of R3 CEV, a blockchain group comprised of more than 70 financial firms, after failing to reach an agreement on terms of a new fundraising deal. Read more at Fortune"
" Sunoco Logistics Partners has agreed to buy Energy Transfer Partners in a $21 billion all-stock deal. ETP shareholders would get 1.5 Sunoco shares for each ETP share they own. At a value of about $39.30 per share, that’s a small discount from the company’s $39.37 Friday close. Read more at Fortune"
" Google has acquired Qwiklabs, a maker of IT training courses on cloud platforms and software"
" Presidio Holdings, a New York-based IT services company, plans to file for an IPO that could value it as much as $3 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal. The company has retained J.P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup for the IPO. Presidio is owned by Apollo Global Management, which purchased the company from American Securities in 2015. Read more"
" STX Entertainment, a Burbank, Calif movie studio founded by Robert Simonds, is considering filing for an initial public offering in Hong Kong, according to a report in Variety. The company has multiple Chinese investors, including Tencent and PCCW. Read more"
" PepsiCo has agreed to acquire KeVita, a California City, Calif. sparkling probiotic drink maker, for around $200 million. KeVita was backed by  SPK Capital, KarpReilly and Ecosystem Integrity Fund. Read more at Fortune"
" Dr Pepper Snapple Group has agreed to buy Bai Brands, a Princeton, N.J.-based maker of antioxidant beverages, for $1.7 billion in cash. The company’s backers include CAVU Venture Partners and Strand Equity Partners. Read more at Fortune"
" Acxiom-owned LiveRamp, a San Francisco software company that unifies customer data across applications, has agreed to acquire Arbor and Circulate for about $140 million in cash (plus $50 million in Acxiom stock, which will replace unvested equity). Arbor, a New York marketplace for people-based data, raised $9 million from investors including First Round and Canaan Partners. Circulate, a Philadelphia startup that helps publishers monetize first-party data, raised $17.4 million in funding. Its backers include AOL Ventures, Bullpen Capital, and Chris Dixon"
"  Gauge Capital has agreed to sell Veridicus, a Salt Lake City-based provider of pharmacy services, to Magellan Health, an Avon, Conn.-based healthcare management company"
" Norwest Equity Partners has sold Stanton Carpet Corporation, a New York carpet manufacturer and distributor to Quad-C Management, a middle-market private equity firm"
"Acrisure, a national insurance brokerage, backed by Genstar Capital, completed the previously announced management-led buyout of the company for $2.9 billion. Acrisure’s brings in annual revenue of more than $670 million"
" Biomatics Capital Partners, a Seattle-based venture firm founded by Boris Nikolic, raised $200 million for its first fund"
" Information Venture Partners, a Toronto-based early-stage fintech and enterprise software VC firm, raised $106 million for its second fund"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
A few brief notes before the holiday begins...
" IPO Watch: “Uncertainty” has been the business world’s favorite word ever since the election, and it has created a split outlook in the IPO market. Some see the uncertainty as a reason to push their offering out as fast as possible, while others view it as a reason to wait. See today’s listings below as evidence: Presidio, backed by a PE firm, filed to go for it, while AppDynamics, back by venture investors, has decided to hold off"
" Instagram has had an engineering office in New York City since the beginning of this year, but in recent months, the company has been quietly hiring people to work on an e-commerce initiative, Term Sheet has learned. Product director Blake Barnes has been involved in the hiring. The group will include up to 50 people working on designing what e-commerce will look like on Instagram. The app famously makes it difficult for users to link outside of the app. Currently Instagram advertisers have the option to include a “buy button” on their ads, but the button sends users out of the app to make purchases. There are no plans to launch anything imminently—the project has a two-to-four year outlook"
"As I noted in Monday’s Term Sheet, social commerce, and the elusive “buy button” have long been the holy grail of social networks. Between BuzzFeed’s commerce initiative and this, I’m wondering if commerce is the new advertising…"
" It’s difficult for a quality consumer-facing startup of any kind to get very big before venture capitalists, strategic investors, private equity firms, and the media hype machine all come knocking. That makes Chewy.com notable for flying under the radar. Unless you have a pet, you’ve likely never heard of the five-year-old Florida-based pet food e-commerce company. It’s on track to hit $880 million in revenue this year, though as Bloomberg reports, it is not profitable. The company just raised $75 million in funding from BlackRock, bringing its total funding to $246 million"
 Publishing note: Term Sheet will be eating turkey tomorrow and Friday. Enjoy the weekend
" Ireland’s tax haven, post-Brexi"
 Trump keeps an open mind on Paris climate dea
 Insane gifts for car peopl
" Sanctions, post-Wells Farg"
 China’s plans for TP
" Facebook, censorship, and China: a minefiel"
 Elon Musk has a fake news trol
 Meg Whitman’s mad scientist strateg
 The struggles of the food delivery busines
 Free speech in the Trump er
 Trump called Apple CEO Tim Coo
...AND ELSEWHERE
PE dry powder is at its highest levels since 2008. The merits of financial overhaul. Dredging up the mortgage meltdown controversies. Trump Foundation violated a self-dealing ban. Billionaires and the press in the era of Trump. Betting on lawsuits. The spies of Tinder. Do programmers need a code of ethics? Bendy iPhone. We tell ourselves stories in order to disrupt.
" Shockwave Medical, a Freemont, Calif.-based startup focused on the treatment of calcified cardiovascular disease, has closed $45 million in Series C financing led by Sectoral Asset Management, with participation from T. Rowe Price Associates and existing investors Sofinnova Partners, Venrock, RA Capital, Deerfield, and Ally Bridge Group"
" Zola, a New York-based wedding registry site co-founded by Kevin Ryan, has raised $25 million in Series C funding at a $200 million valuation led by Lightspeed, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Knowlarity Communications, a New Delhi-based telephony company has raised Rs 133-crore ($20 million) in Series C funding led by Delta Partners Capital, alongside existing investors Mayfield Fund and Sequoia India"
" 8i, a Wellington, New Zealand-based virtual reality startup backed by Founders Fund, has raised $20 million in Series B preferred stock, according to an SEC filing"
" Heal, a Santa Monica-based on-demand app for doctor house calls, has raised $14.8 million in new funding, according to an SEC filing"
" Soul Machines, an Auckland, N.Z.-based developer of avatars, has raised $7.5 million in Series A funding led by Horizons Ventures with Iconiq Capital"
" ItemMaster, a Chicago-based provider of “certified brand content,” has raised $7.5 million in Series A financing round from Edison Partners with participation from Chicago Ventures"
" Instaclustr, a Canberra, Australia-based open source data platform, has raised $7 million in investment led by Bailador Technology Investments with participation from new investor Our Innovation Fund LP and existing investor ANU Connect Ventures"
" Hornet, a San Francisco-based gay social network, has raised $8 million in funding led by Ventech China"
" Maple Hill Creamery, a Stuyvesant, New York-based producer of organic dairy items, has taken an investment of undisclosed size from Sunrise Strategic Partners"
" Hopper, a Cambridge, Mass.-based travel startup, has raised $3.5 million in new equity funding, according to an SEC filing"
" Agricool, a France-based argiculture startup, has raised €4 million ($4.3 million) in funding from Daphni and angel investors"
" Cashboard, A Berlin-based wealth management startup has raised €3 million ($3.1 million) in Series A funding led by Digital Space Ventures with participation from existing investors Redalpine Capital, Earlybird, and 500 Startups"
" Advent International will acquire Brammer International, a British publicly-traded industrial parts distributor, for 221.5 million pounds ($274.8 million). The offer represents a premium of 69% to Brammer’s closing price Tuesday"
" Tenex Capital Management has made an investment of undisclosed size in Pugh Lubricants, an Asheboro, N.C. lubricant distributor"
"Del Frisco's Restaurant Group (NASDAQ:DFRG) may need to sell itself as pressure mounts from activist investor Engine Capital, according to Reuters. Read more."
" Presidio, a New York City-based provider of IT solutions, has filed its S-1 to go public. The company is owned by Apollo Global Management, which acquired it in November 2014. Presidio reports $2.7 billion in revenue with a loss of $3.4 million for its last fiscal year. J.P. Morgan and Citigroup will act as lead book-running managers, with Barclays and RBC Capital Markets participating. Read more"
" AppDynamics, a San Francisco-based maker of performance management tools for app makers, has postponed its planned IPO, according to the Wall Street Journal. The IPO could to value the company as high as $3 billion. The company has raised $314 million in funding from investors including Goldman Sachs, Greylock, Kleiner Perkins, IVP, Lightspeed Ventures, General Atlantic, Cross Creek Advisors, Battery Ventures, Adage Capital Management, and Altimeter Capital. Morgan Stanley and J.P. Morgan Chase are lead underwriters for the deal. Read more"
" Airbnb is in talks to acquire Xiaozhu.com, a Chinese home rental startup, according to Bloomberg. Xiaozhu has raised $150 million from investors including BAI (Bertelsmann Asia Investments), Joy Capital, Capital Today, Morningside Ventures, and Magic Stone Alternative Investments. Read more"
" Wellspring Capital Management has acquired Hoffmaster Group, an Oshkosh, Wisc.-based manufacturer of disposable tableware, from Metalmark Capital. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Magellan Health (NASDAQ: MGLN) has agreed to acquire Veridicus Holdings—a Salt Lake City provider of pharmacy benefit management, medication therapy management, clinical care management, and Medicare Part D services—from Gauge Capital"
" Bluebridge, a Fishers, Ind.-based SaaS platform for churches, tourism entities and employers, sold its church and tourism business units in two separate transactions totaling $8 million The buyers are Echurch powered by PushPay and Simpleview, respectively"
" Copia Agro & Food, a Tel Aviv-based fund for investing in agricultural and food projects developed by Israeli research institutes, is seeking $50 million in funding to expand its investment activities"
" Caffeinated Capital, a San Francisco early stage venture firm founded by Raymond Tonsing, has raised $17 million for Caffeinated Capital Opportunity Fund I LP, according to an SEC filing. The fund has a $75 million target"
" SV Angel, a San Francisco investment fund run by Ron and Topher Conway, has raised $53 million for SV Angel VI LP, according to an SEC filing"
" Playground Ventures, a Palo Alto-based venture firm run by Android founder Andy Rubin has is seeking $500 million for PlayGround Ventures II LP, according to an SEC filing"
" Draper Nexus, an early stage venture firm based in San Mateo, Calif., and Tokyo, has raised $175 million for its second fund"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Happy Cyber Monday, the only time we still use the term “cyber” to describe anything other than cybersecurity. Speaking of that, hackers are holding San Francisco’s public transit system’s data hostage."
But lets talk deals. Here’s what happened over the holiday:
"$9 billion is the new decacorn: CapitalG (formerly Google Capital) and General Catalyst Partners invested $150 million into payments startup Stripe. The round doubles six-year-old Stripe’s valuation to $9 billion, just shy of $10 billion “decacorn” status. Stripe remains the second-most valuable fintech unicorn after Lufax, the Shanghai peer-to-peer lending startup. This round makes Stripe the 14th-most valuable venture-backed startup in the world."
"The deal also means Stripe is twice as valuable as its publicly-traded competitor, Square. WSJ reports that Square currently processes more payments than Stripe, but Stripe is growing faster than Square’s 40% annual rate. This year hasn’t been terribly kind to young, publicly traded fintech companies. Young, privately held ones on the other hand…"
"Lame goats are private equity’s unicorns: For all you private equity pros wishing for your own silly animal metaphor, happy holidays from the FT."
"The Spectacle of it: A reminder amid the Snapchat Spectacles frenzy that Snap Inc. didn’t whip these things up from scratch. The company has been working on connected glasses since 2014, when it acquired a Los Angeles-based company called Vergence Labs for $15 million. Vergence made a pair of connected glasses called Ephiphany Eyewear. A new Business Insider profile reveals the backstory of the company, noting that when it sold to Snap, its early investors were told, ominously, ""We sold the company. We can't tell you who. You'll get a check in the mail."" (Seed investors include Tim and Adam Draper, Charlie Cheever, and Joel Yarmon.) Erick Miller, a Vergence Labs co-founder that left six months after selling, has a venture firm now called Hyperspeed Ventures."
"India’s First Big Down Round: In recent years, the running cliché among investors has been that “India is the new China.” One major problem with that saying is that Indian startups don’t have the same government protections against foreign competition that Chinese companies like Alibaba and Didi did. Indian startups are under pressure as U.S. giants like Amazon and Uber step up their efforts in the region. U.S. tech giants may have lost in China, but they’re not about to let that happen in India."
"Which is why it’s notable that Ola, the Uber of India, is in talks to raise funding at a 40% discount to its current $5 billion valuation, according to Bloomberg. It would be the first down round for one of India’s eight billion-dollar startups, but it might not be the last. This year SoftBank, which has invested in Ola and Amazon competitor Snapdeal, has marked down its investments, mainly in India, by $513 million, according to Bloomberg."
"PE in DC: Turnaround investor Wilbur Ross is reportedly Trump’s choice for commerce secretary. (Trump confirmed to the Washington Post they met about the role but hasn’t officially announced anything.) Ross is currently Chairman and Chief Strategy Officer of the investment firm WL Ross, which became a subsidiary of Invesco in 2006. Worth noting WL Ross’s performance over the last decade, according to CalPERS: Fund three, a 2005 vintage, carries a 0.8x multiple with a negative IRR. Fund four, a 2007 vintage, has an IRR of 8.1% and a 1.4x multiple. CalPERS doesn’t include the firm’s fifth fund, which took two years to raise $2.2 billion in 2012, only after cutting its target from $4 billion."
"I’m told Ross hasn’t been involved in the “day-to-day” operations at WL Ross for some time now. Co-heads Stephen J. Troy and Gregory A. Stoeckle handle that. However, Ross is still a senior manager and his name is on the door. I’ve asked the firm whether his leaving would trigger a keyman provision, but the firm isn’t commenting on the news."
"Mitt in the middle: Our other PE in DC is currently being punished for speaking out against Trump. Over the weekend Trump surrogate Kellyanne Conway attacked potential Secretary of State Mitt Romney, noting that he was “nothing but awful” to Trump for a year. Apparently that was a rogue move; MSNBC is reporting that Trump is “furious” about Conway’s comments."
"Keep in touch: After I publish Term Sheet every morning, I usually jump on Twitter. Join the conversation here: @eringriffith."
" More Americans shopped online than in stores on Friday. Today, 112 million Americans are expected to shop online"
 Crowdsourcing a solution to fake new
 Cubans fear Fidel Castro’s death will unravel the progress in U.S.-Cuban relations
 World leaders react to news of Castro’s death
 Google Brain co-founder on our sci-fi AI futur
" This week’s Fortune Unfiltered podcast features Danny Meyer, CEO of Shake Shack parent company Union Square Hospitality Group"
...AND ELSEWHERE
Your Kickstarter idea could be on sale in China before you’ve even finished funding it. An important investigation into Trump’s potential business conflicts. Venezuela’s public enemy #1 is a Home Depot employee in Alabama. Weather forecasting in the fashion industry. More Viacom drama. New York’s vanishing diner culture. Fidel Castro’s Playboy interview from 1985. Drone guns. Are Chinese venture investors gaining a bad reputation?
" Stripe, a San Francisco-based online payments company, raised $150 million at a $9 billion valuation (it was last valued at $5 billion in July, 2015). Alphabet’s CapitalG and General Catalyst led the round. Sequoia Capital also participated. Read more at Fortune. [Note: A typo which confused ""million"" and ""billion"" has this item has been corrected."
" Kymab, a Cambridge, U.K.-based developer of human monoclonal antibody therapeutics, raised $100 million in Series C funding. ORI Fund led the round, and was joined by Wellcome Trust, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Shenzhen Hepalink Pharmaceutical, Malin Corporation, CF Woodford Equity Income Fund and Woodford Patient Capital"
" Capital Confirmation, a Brentwood, Tenn. a platform for managing audits, raised $60 million from Boston-based private equity firm Great Hill Partners"
" Wynd, a Paris SaaS provider that enables restaurant chains to digitize their points of sale, raised $31.7 million in Series B funding, according to TechCrunch. Sodexo Ventures and Orange Digital Ventures led the round. Bpifrance also participated. Read more"
" Palantir Technologies, a Palo, Alto-based big data firm co-founded by Peter Thiel, raised $20 million in new funding from an unidentified backer, according to an SEC filing. The company last raised $880 million in December 2015 at a $20 billion valuation"
" Allied Minds-subsidiary HawkEye 360, a Boston developer of a space-based radio frequency mapping and analytics systems, raised $11 million in Series A funding. Razor’s Edge Ventures led the round"
" TermScout, a Louisville, Colo. sales intelligence provider, raised $3.2 million in Series A funding"
" ArangoDB, a German developer of database solutions, raised £2.2 million ($2.3 million) in funding. Target Partners led the round"
" Sightbox, a Portland, Ore. on-demand contact lens startup, raised $1.8 million in funding. Rogue Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Jumpstart Foundry, Portland Seed Fund and VistaRiver Healthcare Solutions"
" L Catterton, a Greenwich, Conn.-based consumer-focused private equity firm, has invested in Brazilian supermarket chain St. Marche. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" LeapFrog Investments has bought a $22 million majority investment in GoodLife Pharmacy, which operates pharmacies in Kenya"
" Platte River Equity has made an investment in In-Place Machining Company, an on-site field machining services provider"
" Align Capital Partners has invested in Alliance Source Testing, a Decatur, Ala.-based developer of source emissions testing services. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Samsung is considering whether to split itself in two. Under the plan, which was proposed by activist hedge fund Elliott Management, the company would divide into a holding company and an operating company. The board is expected to respond to the proposal Tuesday. Read more at Fortune"
" GoDaddy, an Arizona-based web hosting service, is reportedly in talks to acquire Host Europe Group (HEG), a European provider of web hosting, for 1.7 billion euros ($1.8 billion). Read more at Fortune"
" Time Inc., the publisher of magazines including People, Sports Illustrated, Time, and Term Sheet publisher Fortune, has rejected billionaire Edgar Bronfman Jr.’s bid to purchase the company for $18 a share, according to the New York Post. The offer represents a 30.4% premium from the company’s close Friday"
" Amazon is reportedly in talks to acquire Souq.com, a Dubai-based online retailer, for $1 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Johnson & Johnson has approached Swiss biotechnology firm Actelion with a takeover offer. The Swiss biotechnology company, which specializes in blood pressure drugs, has a market cap of around $20 million. Read more at Fortune"
" CSC Financial Co., a Beijing-based brokerage and investment bank, is seeking to raise as much as $1.06 billion in an Hong Kong initial public offering, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Meitu, a Xiamen, China-based mobile phone and app maker, is scheduled to raise $735 million in an Hong Kong IPO that would value the company at as much as $4.5 billion, according to Reuters. Shares will be offered for between HK$8.50 and HK$9.60 ($1.10-$1.24). Read more"
" Chinese travel company Ctrip.com International has agreed to buy Skyscanner, an Edinburgh, U.K.-based travel search site, for £1.4 billion ($1.74 billion). Skyscanner, which raised £128 million pounds in January, is backed by investors including Malaysia’s sovereign fund, Khazanah Nasional and Yahoo Japan. Read more at Fortune"
" CNN has agreed to acquire Beme, a New York City video-sharing social media app founded YouTube celebrity Casey Neistat and ex-Tumblr head of engineering Matt Hackett, according to The New York Times. Beme is backed by Lightspeed Venture Partners and Vayner/RSE. Financial terms were not disclosed. Read more."
" Edwards Lifesciences Corp has agreed to buy Valtech Cardio, an Israeli cardiovascular device manufacturer, for $340 million in stock and cash, according to Reuters. Valtech raised about $100 million from Peregrine Ventures, OXO Capital Valve Ventures, and NGN Capital. Read more"
" Q Holding, a 3i portfolio company, has agreed to buy Degania Silicone, an Israeli medical catheters manufacturer, from Viola Private Equity, Kibbutz Degania Bet, and Israel Growth Investors"
" BMW is increasing the size of its venture fund, BMW i Ventures, from £100 ($106 million) to £500 million ($529 million). The firm will also relocate, moving from New York City to San Francisco. Read more at Fortune"
" BDC Capital, a Toronto-based bank, has raised $135-million for BDC Capital Industrial, Clean and Energy Technology (ICE) Venture Fund II. The fund will back Canadian energy and cleantech start-ups"
"Falcon House Partners, a Jakarta, Indonesia-based private equity firm, closed its second fund, Falcon House Partners II, at $400 million"
" IK Investment Partners, a UK private equity firm, raised £1.85 billion ($1.96 billion) for its eighth fund, IK VIII Fund"
 Burak Çendek has joined Revo Capital. Çendek previously ran an accelerator program at 1871-Chicago
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Two shareholders have filed a class action lawsuit against Theranos, accusing the company of fraud and negligence. I believe it’s not terribly common to see private companies involved in class action shareholder lawsuits, as they’re normally so closely-held and shareholders, especially venture investors, have little desire to air their drama so publicly."
"The attorney representing the shareholders in this lawsuit claims that “thousands” of Theranos shareholders were misled. That number seemed high to me, until I noticed one of the plaintiffs, Hilary Taubman-Dye, bought her Theranos shares on private market SharesPost. In other words, this is the kind of situation everyone panicked about when equity crowdfunding was first introduced."
No matter that Taubman-Dye is a so-called “sophisticated investor.” From the lawsuit:
"“Even non-public companies are bound by this principle of frankness no matter how sophisticated their potential investors might be. Specifically, those who solicit investments for a company should not make statements that are designed to reach potential investors that are materially false, misleading or incomplete."""
"The lawsuit is essentially a collection of Theranos’ press coverage, presented as evidence that CEO Elizabeth Holmes deceived shareholders. Cover stories, awards, conference appearances and hype is all presented as evidence of fraudulent shareholder solicitation. (As I understand, the JOBS Act has not changed the fact that the burden of proof for proving statements were not misleading remains with the issuer.)"
"Setting aside Theranos’ specific instances of fraud, this has ramifications for the rest of the startup world. Startups have long had a “fake it till you make it” culture, in part, out of necessity. When you are inventing the future—something new that didn’t exist before—you have to sell people on your vision, over and over. And you don’t know if it’s going to work. If it doesn’t, those cover stories could come back to haunt you."
"Theranos is a stark reminder that “fake it till you make it” can lead to outright fraud, and that has major consequences in industries where peoples’ livelihoods are at stake. But this lawsuit could create a desire in Silicon Valley to turn down the hype machine."
"Not involved in the lawsuit: Rupert Murdoch, who invested $100 million in Theranos sometime between 2014 and 2015. Murdoch-owned Wall Street Journal has led the way reporting on Theranos, including this fact."
"Today in Fallen Unicorns That May Ride Again: Health insurance startup Zenefits has agreed to pay $7.2 million to settle accusations from California regulators over its licensing issues. As my colleague Kia Kokalitcheva notes, Zenefits has now settled with regulators in South Carolina, Delaware, Arizona, New Jersey, Minnesota, and Tennessee."
"Unlike Theranos, Zenefits removed its CEO when fraud accusations surfaced. Since then the company has been attempting a comeback, sending CEO David Sacks on a press tour and holding a splashy (for the insurance industry, at least) product conference. The question remains whether Zenefits founder Parker Conrad will be able to raise money for his new startup, which was, as of this summer, meant to compete with Zenefits."
Correction: The deal listings of yesterday’s Term Sheet accidentally mixed up “million” and “billion” on the funding of Stripe. The company raised $150 million.
 The companies that could join China's Orwellian behavior grading schem
" This week’s Most Powerful Women OnStage podcast features Kate Hudson, co-founder of Fabletic"
" Cuban entrepreneurship, post-Trump, post-Castro"
" Sallie Crawcheck: A letter to my daughter, post-Trum"
  ‘Boys Club’ lawsuit at Citigrou
 Silicon Valley’s immigration reckonin
 How GM describes its self-driving plan
 Feels like every company is a self-driving car company now—even BlackBerr
...AND ELSEWHERE
Killing the Volcker Rule. Solving the mystery of the Molasses Tsunami of 1919. Anger rooms are a booming business. The spyware that controls the iPhone. The accoutrements of tycoonery. The Cigna-Anthem merger testimony has some unusual disagreements. Fake news almost destroyed Abraham Lincoln.
" Innovent Biologics, a Suzhou, China-based biopharmaceutical company that develops monoclonal antibody products, raised $260 million in Series D funding. SDIC Fund Management, led the round, and was joined by China Life Private Equity Limited, Milestone, Ping An and Taikang Insurance Group"
" Devialet, a Paris-based developer of sound amplification technology for audio devices, raised €100 million ($106 million) in Series C funding. Ginko Ventures led the round, and was joined by Renault, Jay Z’s Roc Nation, Playground Global, Foxconn, and Sharp"
" Fluidic Energy, a Scottsdale, Ariz. rechargeable zinc-air battery and energy storage cells manufacturer, raised $20 million in funding from Hong Kong-based investment firm Asia Climate Partners"
" AvidXchange, a Charlotte, N.C.-based payment automation services provider for midsize companies, raised $18 million in funding. Fifth Third Capital led the round, and was joined by Pivot Investment Partners"
" Galera Therapeutics, a Malvern, Penn.-based biotech company that develops cancer treatments, raised an additional $15 million in Series B funding from Sofinnova Ventures, which brings the round to $57 million. Existing investors include New Enterprise Associates and Novartis Venture Fund"
" Hyphenate Inc., a San Francisco mobile instant messaging platform that enables developers to integrate their apps, raised $13.5 million in funding. Matrix Partners China led the round"
" Ixigo, a Gurgaon, India online travel booking company, raised $10 million in funding from Sequoia Capital India, according to a report in The Economic Times. Read more"
" Silexica, an Aachen, Germany-based software developer for programming embedded multicore applications, raised $8 million in Series A funding. Merus Capital led the round, and was joined by Paua Ventures, Seed Fonds Aachen, and DSA Invest"
" ShareRocket, a Carrollton, Texas company that analyzes brands’ social media performance, raised $5 million in equity funding, according to an SEC filing"
" Orb Health, a Phoenix provider of software for patient health care management, raised $3.2 million in Series A funding. Mt. Vernon Investments led the round, and was joined by Green Park & Golf along with other existing investors"
" Parasut, an Istanbul, Turkey-based developer of software solutions for invoice and expense management, raised $2 million in Series A funding, according to Tech.eu. Investors include Diffusion Capital Partners, 500 Startups, Revo Capital, and Ribbit Capital. Read more"
" MBK Partners, a Seoul-based private equity firm, said it will buy Accordia Golf Co., a Japanese golf course operator, for about $760 million, according to Reuters. Per the offer, MBK will purchase all shares in Accordia at ¥1,210 ($10.78), a 16.9% premium on the company’s Tuesday closing price. Major Accordia backers Reno, Aya Nomura, and Office Support Corporation have agreed to sell their stakes in the company. Read more"
"Susquehanna Growth Equity, the private equity and venture capital arm of Susquehanna International Group, has invested $44 million in MacroPoint, a Cleveland, Ohio developer of automated location tracking services such as real-time load tracing and mapping for freight brokers"
" ACON Investments and Triton Pacific Capital Partners have agreed to acquire BioMatrix Specialty Pharmacy, a Weston, Fla.-based specialty pharmacy company. Tracy Finn and Patrick Keefe, two ex-senior executives at Omnicare, also participated in the transaction. Terms of the deal were not disclosed"
" Gen Cap America has backed the management of Pyramyd Air, a Solon, Ohio-based online retailer of air guns and air gun accessories, in its acquisition of the company. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed"
" Antenna79, an Encinitas, Calif.-based consumer electronics company that develops smartphone cases with built-in antennas, raised $94.9 million in a combination of equity, debt, and other securities, according to an SEC filing. Antenna79's prior investors include L Catterton, Velos Partners, and Hercules Technology Growth Capital"
" The Carlyle Group has agreed to buy Novolex, a Hartsville, S.C.-based packaging company, from Wind Point Partners and TPG Growth. Terms of the deal were not disclosed"
" NBK Capital Partners has invested in Kaumeya Language School, a private K-12 school that provides Egyptian, British (IGCSE) and American Diploma curricula in Alexandria, Egypt. Terms of the deal were not disclosed"
" Arrowhead Electrical Products has agreed to acquire Stens, a Jasper, Ind.-based provider of aftermarket replacement parts various industries, including outdoor power equipment, from Ariens Company. Terms of the deal were not disclosed"
" VSS, a New York City-based private equity firm, has invested in Coretelligent, a Needham, Mass. provider of private cloud and IT managed services and support to small and mid-sized businesses"
" Yesterday, Samsung Electronics’ board was expected to respond to a restructuring plan, proposed by activist investor Elliott Management, which would split the group into a holding company and an operating company. Instead of reaching a decision, Samsung instead announced it would review the proposal, a process that would take at least six months. Read more at Fortune"
" Indra, an Alcobendas, Spain-based technology and defense company, has made a bid to acquire Tecnocom, a Madrid-based information technology services company, for €4.25 euros per share, according to Reuters. Excluding treasury stock, the offer values the company at about €305 million ($324 million), an 11.5% premium on Tecnocom’s closing price Monday. Read more"
" Actelion shares have dropped significantly following a report the company is planning to reject Johnson & Johnson’s takeover offer. Instead, according to Reuters, Actelion is said to be considering a proposal in which it takes a major investment from Johnson & Johnson, but remains independent. Read more"
" Athene Holding, a Bermuda-based provider of life insurance and fixed annuities, plans to raise $950 million by offering 23.8 million shares at a price range between $38 to $42 a share. It would have an initial market cap of about $7.7 billion, were it to price in the middle of its range. It plans to trade on the NYSE under the symbol ATH. Goldman Sachs, Barclays, Citi, Wells Fargo Securities, BofA Merrill Lynch, BMO Capital Markets, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, RBC Capital Markets, BNP Paribas, BTIG, Evercore ISI, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey and UBS Investment Bank are the joint bookrunners on the deal. The company is backed by PE firm Apollo Global Management."
" DataMentors, a Tampa, Fla.-based provider of data-based marketing software, has acquired V12 Group, a Red Bank, N.J. provider of digital marketing cloud services. V12 Group is backed by ABRY Partners, Atrium Capital Corporation, NewSpring Capital, and Triton Pacific Capital Partners, among other investors. The new company will be named V12 Data. Terms of the deal were not disclosed"
" Spring Mountain Capital has sold its stake in Warren, N.J.-based Prevalent, a provider of third-party risk management and cyber threat intelligence, to Insight Venture Partners, a New York City-based private equity and venture firm that lead the company’s $60 million Series C round. Terms of the deal were not disclosed"
" The Allstate Corporation has agreed to acquire SquareTrade, a San Francisco-based insurance provider that offers warranty plans for personal electronics, for approximately $1.4 billion. SquareTrade is backed by Bain Capital, Chase Capital Partners, Weston Presidio Capital, and Draper Richards. Read more at Fortune"
" Dick’s Sporting Goods, a Pittsburgh-based sporting goods retailer, has acquired GameChanger Media, a New York City developer of software that enables amateur teams to manage and share information. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. GameChanger Media raised $10.63 million from investors including Trilogy Equity Partners, BoxGroup, and Tenfore Holdings"
" KKR has agreed to buy Arle Capital Partners’ majority stake in Hilding Anders, a Malmo, Sweden-based bed and mattress manufacturer. KKR previously invested in the company in 2013. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" WI Harper Group, Luxin Venture Capital Group and Shandong Leader Equity Investment Fund plan to launch a fund focused on startups based in the U.S. and China. A fundraising target has yet to be specified"
" Pritzker Group Venture Capital is expanding its Los Angeles office. Partner Gabe Greenbaum will move from Chicago to lead the office, with support from vice president Peter Liu. In addition, Nico Gimenez has joined the firm as an associate"
" Lisa Suennen is joining GE Ventures as a managing director, starting Dec. 1. Previously she was a partner at Psilos Group"
" Teresa Teague and Jonathan Bond have co-founded TTB, an investment advisory firm connecting Chinese investors with foreign deals, according to Bloomberg. Previously, Teague was a Hong Kong-based partner at Goldman Sachs. Read more"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
" Startups in India: Accel has raised $450 million for its fifth India fund, a sizable jump over its $305 million fourth fund that was announced just last year. The raise comes at an uncertain time for Indian startups, which don’t have the same government-supported “moat” against U.S. competitors that Chinese startups have historically had"
"As I noted Monday, Ola, the “Uber of India,” is raising funding at a valuation that’s potentially 40% lower than its last one. Data service Tracxn Technologies counts 800 “fading or dead” startups in India. And third quarter venture funding in the country was down by 70% over the same period last year, according to ValuePenguin."
"Shekhar Kirani, a partner at Accel, explained that, similar to U.S. startup investing, India is experiencing a hangover from the “excessive enthusiasm” of 2015. After a record year of funding announcements, most of the global hedge funds pulled back on their investing in Indian startups in 2016."
"But Kirani pointed to strong macro factors, particularly the mass adoption of mobile technology by consumers, enterprises and small and medium enterprises, and the business-friendly government. “Categories that used to take five years to scale, are now doing it in significantly less time – two to three years,” he said. E-commerce, movie tickets, cab bookings, groceries, food deliveries, local services and marketplaces are all going online faster than before. “We tend not to focus on how, when and where others are investing,” he said. Accel portfolio companies in India include Flipkart and Freshdesk. (This item has been updated to fix incorrect information provided by Accel regarding the size and timing of the firm's previous India fund.)"
" Trumpland: The new Treasury Secretary is Steven Mnunchin. I don’t have to explain who he is to this audience, but I would, via Katie Benner, direct your attention to a Bloomberg profile from August, which notes that Mnunchin’s “bland demeanor and world-on-a-platter upbringing belie an intense competitiveness.” Also, the line, “You put the ‘douche’ in fiduciary."
"Meanwhile, as noted Monday, Trump’s Commerce Secretary is Wilbur Ross."
" Basic Rights: A year after Saudi Arabia’s Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal’s fund invested $100 million into Lyft, he is speaking out about his country’s ban on women driving. In a statement, Prince Alwaleed made elaborate social, economic, financial, religious and political arguments in favor of giving women the right to drive. Progress! But he stopped short of advocating for full driving rights. He called for requiring them to carry smartphones, limiting their licenses to cars only, and banning them from driving outside city limits. Ultimately Prince Alwaleed isn’t the one to make these decisions – that’s up to the Saudi government, which five months ago invested $3.5 billion into another ride-sharing startup… Uber"
" Gadget Merger: Yesterday’s Term Sheet included a deal item about a Encinitas, Calif.-based gadget startup called Antenna79. The company, which makes smartphone cases with built-in antennas, is backed by L Catterton Partners, Velos Partners, and Hercules Technology Growth Capital. Today I’ve learned a bit more about the deal: Antenna79 has merged with Invisible Gadget Guard Inc., a Utah-based maker of screen protectors. The combined enterprise value is $95 million"
" Disrupting Antitrust: Vista Equity Partners closed its $1.65 billion deal for Cvent, a publicly traded provider of event and meeting management software. The firm has merged it with its portfolio company, Lanyon, the other big player in this category. It’s notable because shareholders haven’t exactly been optimistic this deal would happen"
"The deal was announced in April, but in July, the Justice Department began to scrutinize it. Cvent and Lanyon are market leaders, and antitrust officials have been tough on those kinds of deals (see previously: Office Depot and Staples, Anthem and Cigna). Cvent stock has traded at a sizable discount to Vista’s offering price ever since."
"That this deal got approved shows software companies may be capable of getting different antitrust treatment than other industries. Cvent argued in favor of the deal by pointing to Etouches, a Norwalk, Conn.-based startup with $56 million in venture backing. The point being Etouches isn’t a major competitor yet, but it could quickly become one. As software creeps into every sector of the economy, disruption might have an unexpected consequence: consolidation of the disrupted."
" Fortune’s Most Powerful Women Next Gen conference is underway in Laguna Nigel. Today’s agenda includes Anne Wojcicki of 23andMe, Sallie Krawcheck of Ellevest and and Rachel Holt of Uber. You can follow the livestream here"
" 867 incidents of harassment, intimidation and violence since November "
 Nissan’s connected car services be
 An algorithm to save your eyesigh
 The Trump divide at IB
 The drop in oil prices isn’t ove
 Intel’s big connected car plan
" Lyft, Uber and Trump’s Secretary of Transportatio"
 Can Tom Price dismantle Obamacare
 Why Facebook and Twitter aren’t good for new
 The fashion industry’s “beautiful bubble” of diversit
 Kellogg vs Breitbar
 Bozoma Saint James on confidenc
 Kamala Harris 202
 Sleeplessness is expensive
 15 female candidates ran for parliament in Kuwait's latest election; only one wo
 The FBI's new hacking power
...AND ELSEWHERE
"Against Facebook fact-checking. Goodbye, open internet. Gary Cohn and Bill Walton meet with Trump. Trump’s disastrous pledge to keep jobs in the U.S. Founders in the Valley are driving Ubers and Lyfts to network."
" SonarSource, a Geneva-based provider of quality assurance tools for software code, raised $45 million in funding from Insight Venture Partners"
" Nohla Therapeutics, a Seattle-based biotechnology company developing treatments for life threatening hematological disorders and cancers, raised $43.5 million in Series A funding. ARCH Venture Partners led the round, with participation from 5AM Ventures and the Jagen Group"
" OxThera AB, a Stockholm-based biopharmaceutical company, raised €32 million ($34 million) in new funding. Life Sciences Partners, Ysios Capital, Sunstone Capital, and Flerie Invest co-led the round, with participation from existing investors Kurma Partners, Idinvest Partners, Stiftelsen Industrifonden, and Brohuvudet"
" Solarflare, an Irvine, Calif.-based maker of networking software and hardware technology, raised $22.2 million in funding, according to an SEC filing"
" Civis Analytics, a Chicago-based data science company founded by Dan Wagner, President Obama’s former data director, raised $22 million in Series A funding. Drive Capital led the round, and was joined by Verizon Ventures, WPP, and Alphabet executive chairman Eric Schmidt"
" Clue, a Berlin health app for tracking menstrual cycles, raised $20 million in Series B funding. Nokia Growth Partners, Nokia’s venture arm, led the round, and was joined by Union Square Ventures, Mosaic Ventures, Brigitte Mohn and Christophe Maire"
" Axial Biotherapeutics, a Boston-based company using microbiome research to develop therapies for central nervous system and neurological disorders, raised $19.2 million in Series A funding. Longwood Fund and Domain Associates led the round, with participation from Kairos Ventures, Heritage Medical Systems and a group of angel investors"
" TransPod, a Toronto-based company building a high speed transportation system based on Elon Musk’s “hyperloop,” raised $15 million in seed funding from Angelo Investments"
" ServiceAide, a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of IT and cloud services for small and medium businesses, raised $12 million in new funding. Arrowroot Capital led the round"
" Phil, a San Francisco-based prescription medication delivery service, raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Crosslink led the round, and was joined by Eniac Ventures"
" LovePop, a Boston greeting card company, raised $6 million in Series A funding. Accomplice Ventures led the round, and was joined by angel investors including Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary, Wayfair co-founder and CEO Niraj Shah, and Bob White of Bain Capital"
" Vaadin, a Helsinki-based provider of web application development tools, raised €5 million ($5.3 million) in funding from private equity firm Verdane"
" Tetra Discovery Partners, a Grand Rapids, Mich.-based biotechnology company developing treatments for Alzheimer's disease and other brain disorders, raised $5 million in Series A funding. Apjohn Group and Grand Angels co-led the round, with participation from Dolby Family Ventures, and the Alzheimer's Drug Discovery Foundation, among others"
" Mycare, an Auckland, New Zealand online marketplace for finding and managing home care services for the aged, disabled and injured, raised $3.5 million in new funding"
" Sudden Coffee, a San Francisco instant coffee maker, raised $2.7 million in seed funding. CRV led the round, and was joined by Founder Collective, Lifeline Ventures, and several angel investors. Read more"
" TicketSauce, a San Diego, Calif. event management software developer, raised $2.5 million in Series A funding. Draper Frontier Opp & Tech Fund led the round"
" Worximity Technology, a Montreal producer of smart industrial technologies, raised $2 million in funding from W3 Investments, the Fonds de solidarité FTQ, and BDC Capital"
" Zensurance, a Toronto online commercial insurance broker, raised $1 million in funding. Ferst Capital Partners led the round"
"  S2solutions, a Seattle provider of inventory management software for the cannabis industry, raised $1 million in seed funding from unnamed investors"
"  Alpha II, a Tallahassee, Fla.-based provider of healthcare software services including claims editing, billing accuracy, and quality reporting, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from WestView Capital Partners"
"  Ytel, a Foothill Ranch, Calif.-based provider of communications software for businesses, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Argentum and Marwit Capital"
"  SintecMedia, a Francisco Partners portfolio company, has agreed to acquire Operative Media, a New York-based provider of digital advertising management software for online publishers. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"  Access Holdco Management, an Atlanta insurance company backed by Altamont Capital Partners, has acquired insurance provider Occidental Fire & Casualty Company’s Massachusetts business from IAT Insurance Group. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"  Syncsort, a Woodcliff Lake, N.J.-based big data company backed by Clearlake Capital Group, has agreed to acquire Trillium Software, a subsidiary of Harte Hanks, Inc. that  develops data quality software solutions . Financial terms were not disclosed"
"  Vista Equity Partners has completed its previously announced acquisition of Cvent Inc., a Tysons Corner, Va.-based cloud-based enterprise event management company, for $1.65 billion in cash. Cvent has merged with Vista Equity Partners portfolio company Lanyon"
"  Albertsons Companies, a Boise, Idaho-based supermarket chain, is in talks to acquire Price Chopper, a Schenectady, New York-based, family-owned grocery operator, for around $1 billion. Albertsons is owned by Cerberus Capital Management. Read more at Fortune"
"  Praxair Inc . has moved to reopen merger negotiations with fellow industrial gas company Linde AG, according to the Wall Street Journal. The combination deal would create a $60 billion industrial gas giant, the biggest in the world. Read more"
" Zayo Group Holdings has agreed to buy fellow telecom infrastructure provider Electric Lightwave for $1.42 billion in cash, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  VTS and Hightower, both New York City-based companies that help commercial real estate brokers and owners manage their businesses, have merged. VTS is backed by Blackstone Group and Open View, while Hightower investors include Bessemer Venture Partners, Thrive Capital, Gary Vaynerchuk, and Aaron Levie. The new company, which is valued at about $300 million, will operate under the name VTS"
" GetInsured has acquired Array Health, a Seattle-based provider of group health insurance e-commerce technology, for an undisclosed amount. Array Health raised $13 million in funding from investors including Alliance of Angels, Noro-Moseley Partners, and Vocap Investment Partners."
"   YFM Equity Partners and 3i Group have sold Go Outdoors, a U.K. outdoor apparel and equipment retailer, to JD Sports for £112 million ($119 million), according to the Guardian. Read more"
"  Wellspring Capital Management sold its stake in Great Lakes Caring Home Health and Hospice, a Jackson, Mich.-based provider of in-home post-acute services for people with serious illnesses, to Blue Wolf Capital Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"  Tower Arch Capital has recapitalized Corbett Technology Solutions, a Chantilly, Va.-based provider of communication technology products for businesses. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"  Accel, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based venture capital firm, raised $450 million for its fifth India fund"
"  Starburst Accelerator, a Singapore-based accelerator program for aviation and aerospace tech startups, has raised $200 million for a new fund, named Starburst Ventures"
"  Vanessa Colella has been promoted to head of Citi Ventures, a Citi division that invests in fintech startups. Previously, she was the U.S. bank’s global head of venture investing and strategic growth initiatives"
"  John Soden has joined Cain Brothers, a New York City investment bank focused on the medical services industry, as managing director. He was previously managing director and head of medical technologies at Houlihan Lokey"
  Austin Santoro has joined Material Handling Services as director of M&A. Santoro was previously an associate at Trive Capital. (This item has been updated to correct a misspelling of Trive Capital.
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Dumb Pipes, Skinny Bundles and One Big Merger: Last night I stopped by Recode’s Code Media event in midtown Manhattan, where Turner CEO John Martin talked about the AT&T-Time Warner deal to a crowd of media execs. (Reminder: Turner is owned by Time Warner.) A few notes:"
" Martin was the CFO of Time Warner when the company spun out Time Warner Cable in 2005. The rationale then was that it didn’t make sense to have a “dumb pipe” company alongside a content company. How is teaming up with AT&T now any different? In short: Scale. Time Warner Cable was regional. AT&T, with DirecTV and its mobile carrier service, is national. Also: Data. Martin admits that he didn’t realize how important data would transform how Time Warner monetizes its audience. AT&T brings immense access to data analytics"
" It would be “a moronic thought” for Time Warner’s content, like HBO, to become exclusive on one of AT&T’s distribution platforms because it would ruin the value of HBO, he said. But a few minutes later, he said Time Warner may consider making exclusive premium content for mobile devices or DirecTV"
" The media world is constantly debating which is king: content or distribution. Martin argues it’s neither. User experience is king. Over time, it may be strategic for Time Warner to own the ”end-to-end user experience"
" Skinny bundles are the future because “there are too many shitty networks that have to go away,” and pared-down packages of streaming cable channels would wipe them out. None of Turner’s networks in fall into the “shitty” bucket, though. “I feel good about the concentrated value of our networks,” Martin said"
"State of Startups: First Round Capital released its annual survey of more than 700 startup founders this morning. It paints a picture of a complicated, sometimes contradictory crew of people. Which isn’t surprising – you have to be at least a little irrational to start a startup. Case in point:"
" Nearly 20% are certain their companies will be worth $1 billion, but just as many had to lay off staff this year"
" The number one reason those surveyed believe their company could fail is an inability to raise follow-on capital. Not bad execution, not a lack of product-market fit, not burn rate. And yet! Only 39% are optimizing for profitability, versus 61% optimizing for growth. That explains why a majority (51%) said their burn rate is higher than it was a year ago. Only 13% are already profitable"
"  57% believe we’re in a bubble (down from 73% last year). A majority think it’ll get harder to raise capital in the coming months, and two thirds think investors will have the upper hand going forward. And yet! There’s that pesky optimism, with only 15% admitting their company is not likely to be worth $1 billion or more"
Irrationality can manifest itself in frustrating ways:
" On average, respondents think gender and ethnic parity in the startup world is just 14 years away, despite the fact that 11% of them currently run companies with companies with zero women employees and 61% of them have all-male boards. Late stage companies are the worst offenders, with a three times higher likelihood of not having a single woman on their board"
"Regarding the gender issue, half of the men surveyed believe it’s a pipeline problem. The women surveyed know it’s an unconscious bias problem. (One womansplain-y thought: There are lots of women in tech; perhaps try expanding your network. For board members, try TheBoardlist.) The lack of female role models hurts, too. The top tech heroes cited are Elon Musk, Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg."
There’s a lot more data where that came from. Read the rest here.
"The Age of Unicorns: They’re almost as rare as their name suggests these days, but yesterday a real life unicorn got its horn. Or something. Opendoor, a startup that buys and sells houses, has raised an eye-popping $210 million in funding from Norwest Venture Partners. Bloomberg reports the round values the company at $1 billion or more. This round was widely shopped around the Valley, and the investors I spoke to that passed on it expressed a glaringly obvious concern: What happens when the housing market turns? Opendoor could be left holding some very expensive illiquid assets."
"But the bullish ones argued that it was worth the risk: This is an obvious untapped market in need of a good software-enabled fix. Opendoor could be the CarMax of houses. CarMax is a profitable, $11 billion (market cap) car sales company with $15 billion in annual sales. And houses are worth ten times more than cars."
"Self-Driving Car Talk: Term Sheet readers will remember George Hotz, the founder of self-driving car startup Comma.ai that canceled his company’s plans to make aftermarket kits after the NHTSA sent him a threatening letter. Yesterday he held a press conference at his house to announce his startup would open his company’s code to the world. Now people can use this software to build their own self-driving kits. (What could go wrong!?) The move is a way to circumvent regulators and it turns Comma.ai into a network company, not a hardware company. My colleague Kirsten Korosec notes that Hotz’s venture investors fully supported the move:"
"“I was amazed when I first suggested open sourcing to them; I thought I was going to have fight this battle, and no battle!” [Hotz] said. “They loved it. I really think Andreessen understands where the future is going, whereas some of these older automakers just fundamentally do not.” Read the full story here."
"Money Talk: Fortune’s annual Investors Guide is online today, and the message is: don’t fear the uncertainty. Here are some highlights:"
 Shawn Tully: Why the stock market is stacked against Donald Trum
 Jen Wieczner: The best stocks to buy before Trump takes offic
 Aaron Task: Trump’s five economic challenge
" The best emerging market stocks, the best gold and energy stocks, the best Brexit-proof stocks, the best tech stocks that aren’t Amazon and Facebook"
 'I hold this world record of being the only woman fired on the front page of the Wall Street Journal twice.
 Sheryl Sandberg to give $100 million in stock to charit
 Why China's economy has suddenly gone on a tea
 A rock scientist’s tips for raising mone
 Reddit is tearing itself apar
" How Trump sealed the Carrier deal, and does the deal make economic sense"
 Goldman Sachs stock nears pre-2008 level
" Fresh and healthy food – a movement, not a tren"
 Donald Trump will soon be able to text every American at onc
 How Google wants businesses to make app
...AND ELSEWHERE
Story on Jeff Bezos’ work-life balance comes a day after this tragedy. A 6th grader’s field trip to Microsoft’s annual shareholder meeting. Nearly every piece of plastic ever made still exists today. Confessions of an Instagram influencer.
" Opendoor,  a San Francisco startup that buys and sell homes, raised $210 million in funding. Norwest Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by NEA, Khosla Ventures, and GGV Capital. Read more at Fortune."
" Novogene Technology, a Beijing-based provider of genomic services, raised $75 million in Series B funding from CMB International, SDIC Innovation, and Sigma Square Capital"
"Osterhout Design Group, a San Francisco  augmented and virtual reality smartglasses manufacturer , raised $58 million in Series A funding. 21st Century Fox led the round, and was joined by Shenzhen O-film Tech Co., Vanfund Urban Investment & Development Co., and others. Read more at Fortune."
" TraceLink, a Wakefield, Mass.-based provider of supply chain management software for life sciences businesses, raised $51.5 million in Series C funding. Goldman Sachs Growth Equity led the round, with participation from FirstMark Capital, Volition Capital, and F-Prime Capital."
" SendGrid, a Denver , Colo.-based  company that provides email and other marketing software to businesses, raised $33 million in Series D funding. Bain Capital Ventures led round, and was joined by the Foundry Group, Bessemer Venture Partners, and SoftTech VC."
" Qstream, a  Burlington, Mass.-based developer of gamification and analytics  software  for sales teams , raised $15 million in Series B funding. Polaris Partners led the round, and was joined by Frontline Ventures, Launchpad Venture Group, and Excel Venture Management."
" VictorOps, a Boulder, Colo. maker of real-time monitoring software for IT teams, raised $12.2 million in Series B funding from Shea Ventures, Foundry Group, and Costanoa Venture Capital"
" Dubsmash, a Berlin video and lip-syncing mobile app, raised €9 million ($9.6 million) in Series B funding, according to TechCrunch. Sunstone Capital led the round, and was joined by Index Ventures, Balderton Capital, Eniac Venture, and Lowercase Capital. Read more."
" AttackIQ, a San Diego, Calif.-based cybersecurity company, raised $8.8 million in Series A funding. Investors include Index Ventures, Qualcomm Ventures, and Telstra Ventures"
" Rhumbix, a San Francisco company that develops and delivers a mobile platform for construction field supervision, raised $6.2 million in funding, according to an SEC filing"
" Ouraring, an  Oulu, Finland  health-tracking ring and mobile app, raised €5 million ($5.3 million) in Series A funding from MIT Media Lab Director Joi Ito, Skype founding engineer Jaan Tallinn, and unnamed individual investors."
" Exotec Solutions, a French robotics startup, raised  € 3.3 million ($3.5 million) from 360 Capital Partners, Breega Capital and other existing investors."
" PlayFab, a Seattle company that provides back-end support for game studios, raised $3.2 million in funding, according to an SEC filing"
" Rocket10, a Moscow mobile marketing agency, raised $3 million in funding from Finstar Financial Group"
" JetClosing, a Seattle software company that develops applications for the real estate closing process, raised $2.3 million in seed funding, according to an SEC filing."
" WorkRamp, a Palo Alto developer of employee training software for enterprises, raised $1.8 million in seed funding. Susa Ventures led the round, and was joined by Y Combinator, Haystack, and angel investors including Alexis Ohanian and Garry Tan"
" Get Smart Content, an Austin-based marketing company that provides targeting and A/B testing solutions for businesses in the travel industry, raised $1.75 million in funding. Origin Ventures led the round."
" Vector Media, a New York City advertising agency that specializes in transit and other out-of-home marketing, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Spire Capital Partners."
" McDonald’s  (NYSE:MCD) has neared a deal to sell its China and Hong Kong stores to an association headed by The Carlyle Group (NasdaqGS:CG)  and Citic Group Corp for up to $3 billion, according to a report in Reuters. Read more."
" DBi Services, a Sterling Partners portfolio company, has acquired the assets of Mercier’s Inc., a South Point, Ohio-based provider of on-track railroad vegetation management and herbicide applications. No financial terms were disclosed"
" The Wellness Network, a New York City-based in-hospital health TV networks operator backed by Wafra Partners, has acquired the assets of Bundoo, a Palm Beach Gardens, Fla. pregnancy and parenting website. No financial terms were disclosed."
"  Parker-Hannifin Corp  (NYSE:PH) , which manufactures motion and control systems for the industrial and aerospace markets, has agreed to buy Clarcor Inc (NYSE:CLC) , an air filtration systems provider, for about $4.3 billion including debt, according to Reuters. At $83 per Clarcor share, Parker-Hannifin's offer represents 17.8% premium on the company’s closing price Wednesday. Read more."
"  To help pay for its purchase of Swiss herbicide and seed care company Syngenta  (SWX:SYNN) , China National Chemical Corp is seeking to raise $5 billion for a new fund.  Read more at Fortune."
" AppNexus, a New York City-based developer of automated, online-advertising software, has confidentially filed paperwork for an initial public offering that would value the company at between $1.5 billion and $2 billion, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal. AppNexus was last valued at $1.8 billion. Read more"
"Invitation Homes, a Dallas-based company that owns and manages renovated single-family homes for rent, has filed confidentially for an initial public offering, according to the Wall Street Journal. The company plans to sell about $1.5 billion and could be worth around $7.5 billion. Invitation Homes is backed by the Blackstone Group. Read more"
" Fitbit (NYSE:FIT), a fitness band maker, is close to acquiring Pebble, a Redwood City, Calif.-based smartwatch maker, according to a report in The Information. While the price is unknown, it’s thought to be small. Pebble launched on Kickstarter in 2012; it quickly became one of the most popular campaigns on the crowdfunding platform, raising a total of $12.8 million. But the company has since run into financial struggles, laying off a quarter of its staff earlier this year. In addition to its Kickstarter funding, Pebble raised $15 million from CRV. Read more (subscription required)"
" Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors has sold Silver Hill Energy Partners, a Dallas-based oil and gas production company, to RSP Permian for about $604 million in cash and 15 million shares of RSP common stock"
" PAI Partners and Goldman Sachs Merchant Banking have sold the Xella Group, a Duisburg, Germany-based building material manufacturer, to an affiliate of Lone Star"
" Geneba Properties N.V., an Amsterdam commercial real estate company backed by The Catalyst Capital Group, is exploring strategic alternatives including an initial public offering, capital increase, merger, sale, or other possible transactions"
" EQT has entered agreed to sell Automic Holding, a Bellevue, Wash.-based provider of business automation software, to CA Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) in a transaction valuing Automic at €600m ($635 million)"
"  Former Boston Red Sox player David “Big Papi” Ortiz, along with several other ex players, is launching a private equity firm. Called Dugout Ventures, the firm will focus on investing in baseball-related companies."
"  The Alexa Fund, Amazon’s  (Nasdaq:AMZN)  venture arm, is launching a Techstars accelerator, which will focus on making investments in connected home, wearables and hearables, enterprise, communications, connected car, and health companies."
" Radian Capital, a New York City-based venture and private equity firm founded by Weston Gaddy and Jordan Bettman, has raised $36 million of a $75 million target for its first fund, according to an SEC filing."
" Four Rivers Group, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm focusing on expansion investments, raised $87 million for its fourth fund, according to an SEC filing."
" Jungle Ventures, a Singapore-based, early-stage venture capital firm, raised $100 million for a new fund that will focus on investments in Southeast Asia, according to TechCrunch. Read more."
" Bullpen Capital, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based venture capital firm focused on early-stage investments,  raised $75 million for its third fund,  Bullpen  III"
" Perella Weinberg Partners and Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. announcing the completion of their previously announced merger"
" Raj Atluru and Anup Jacob have joined Element Partners, a Wayne, Pa.-based private equity firm, as general partners and managing directors. Atluru was most recently a founding partner at Silver Lake Kraftwerk. Jacob previously helped lead the Deutsche Bank Masdar Cleantech funds"
" Zavain Dar is now a principal at Lux Capital, a New York City-based venture capital firm. Dar was previously a senior associate. He joined the firm’s Menlo Park office in 2014"
" Matt Upton, John Jansen, and Sugeet Madan have joined Tokyo-based Mizuho as head of software investment banking, head of technology M&A banking, and managing director in technology coverage banking, respectively, according to Business Insider. All three will work out of the bank’s San Francisco office. Read more"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
" This week Twitter (or at least my corner of it) has been buzzing over an essay penned by Om Malik about the tech industry’s lack of empathy for the people its products hurt. For example, Otto, the self-driving truck startup, will someday displace some three million trucking jobs. He warns that by 2020, “Silicon Valley will have become an even bigger villain in the popular imagination, much like its East Coast counterpart, Wall Street."
"The essay stirred up lots of scolding and self-loathing among the so-called coastal elites of the tech industry. I experienced that in real life last night at a dinner with some of those coastal elites, where the conversation inevitably turned to the topic."
"I’ve concluded that yes, the tech industry is doomed to be hated, because that’s what happens to concentrated centers of wealth and power. Right now, Silicon Valley happens to be in that position, and likely will be for a long time. But my view is that the tension isn’t just a tech thing or a finance thing, it’s a capitalism thing. And for the record, it’s not just economically oppressed Rust Belt voters that are frustrated with the system. The majority of all millennials in the U.S. do not support capitalism."
"But we can’t stop progress -- some of it life-saving -- to keep doing things the old way. In his essay, Malik stopped short of telling techies to stop building their products. In addition to displacing jobs, Otto is expected to save lives and increase productivity. It’s the same reason keeping 1,000 factory jobs in Indiana doesn’t change the broader economic trend that those jobs will be increasingly done by robots. And it's why the Universal Basic Income idea has become so popular in Silicon Valley."
"Taking a more hopeful approach, someone at the dinner asked what happens when tech displaces all of our jobs. Our jobs are our identities; they give us self-worth. That’s one reason many argue that simply paying people not to work won't work. Can we all be artists? Will we be satisfied? To that question, I point to Life Magazine, which famously addressed the “threat” that too much leisure time posed to American society in the wake of increasing automation. That was in 1964."
"Just like coastal elites never leave their bubbles with their five-dollar lattes and freshly pressed juices, as Malik sneers, many residents of red states never interact with anyone different from themselves. (I say this as someone who grew up in one of those red state bubbles.) The difference, of course, is that one bubble wields a lot of money, privilege and power and the other, not so much. That creates a greater burden on the coastal elites to be more empathetic. But I hope the empathy can go both ways."
" Road Not Taken: Most startups thrive on hype and venture capital-fueled growth, but Madison Logic, a little-known business-to-business marketing tech company based in New York City, has defied that by raising no money after its angel round and largely avoiding press"
"Yesterday the company continued that non-traditional trajectory. Rather than go public or sell itself to a tech conglomerate, Madison Logic has agreed to sell to a middle market private equity firm."
"Clarion Capital Partners has agreed to buy the company. Deal terms were not disclosed, but Fortune has learned the deal is worth “hundreds of millions” of dollars. (The company filed a Hart-Scott Rodino notification, which is required for any deal over $78.2 million.) Clarion Capital Partners typically targets deals in the range of $15 million to $50 million, so this is a significant transaction for the firm. Likewise, the deal marks a notable exit for the New York City tech scene."
This item has been corrected to say the HSR threshold for M&A deals is $78.2 million. 
" Buzz At First Sight: In addition to writing Term Sheet every morning, I have a column in the old-fashioned print version of Fortune. My latest, about Snap Inc., is out today. Read it here"
 Live from Vatican City: Fortune’s Global Forum conference is going on now in Rome. Follow along here
Have a great weekend!
 So much for “peak car
 A new low for unemploymen
 Turning breweries’ leftovers into granola bar
 Learning diversity from the U.S. governmen
 Smart toys invade the hous
 Trump’s team is likely to approve AT&
" Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz steps down, what’s next for hi"
 GE and Microsoft’s IoT venture in Israe
 A CEO’s most important da
 What top pharma execs expect under Trum
 Four charts that show why shopping malls are in troubl
...AND ELSEWHERE
Snap shares in high demand. (Subscription required.) Zenefits software found illegal in Washington state. Trump’s business is not too big to sell. How Snapchat kept fake news out. Mnunchin’s IndyMac millions. How Mnuchin's bank filed to take a 90-year-old woman's house after a 27-cent payment error.
" Lumos Global, an Amsterdam off-grid solar firm, raised $90 million in funding from Overseas Private Investment Corporation, Pembani Remgro Infrastructure Fund, VLTCM and ICV"
" Hyperloop Transportation Technologies, a company building a prototype of Elon Musk’s hyperloop system, raised $31.8 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Glossier, a New York City online beauty startup, raised $24 million in Series B funding. IVP led the round"
" Exeger Sweden AB, a Stockholm developer of dye-sensitized solar cells, raised €5.2 ($5.5 million) from Fortum, a Finnish energy company"
" Geenee, an image recognizing app that allows users to shop Instagram, raised $4.4 million in Series A funding. Investors included Highlight Communications AG, Constantin Media AG, Stephen Cohen and Steve Titu"
" SQZ Biotechnologies, a Boston biotech company using cell therapy to treat diseases, raised $4 million in funding from Quark Ventures."
" Fidzup, a Paris provider of digital marketing tools for retailers, raised $3.7 million in funding from Cap Horn and Turenne Capital, among others"
" Dashbot, a San Francisco provider of analytics software for bots, raised $2 million in seed funding. ff Venture Capital led the round, and was joined by Bessemer Venture Partners, Samsung Accelerator, Scrum Ventures, Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments, and Rembrandt Ventures"
" LogicGate, a Chicago provider of software for businesses to automate risk and compliance operations, raised $1.9 million in funding from Chicago Ventures, OCA Ventures, Hyde Park Venture Partners, MATH Venture Partners, Techstars Ventures, Firestarter Fund, Sandalphon Capital, and Connetic Ventures"
" Dream Payments, a Toronto provider of mobile point-of-sale software and hardware for Canadian merchants, raised $1.5 million in funding from Connecticut Innovations"
" Grokker, a San Jose, Calif. online service for fitness, yoga, meditation, and cooking videos, raised an undisclosed amount in Series B round funding. Investors include SV Angel, First Round Capital, Khosla Ventures, Aspect Ventures, Interwest Partners, Comcast, and Correlation Ventures"
" Allianz Global Investors has agreed to acquire Sound Harbor Partners, a New York City-based private credit manager. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Oaktree Capital Management has invested in Sterling Lumber Company, a provider of timber mat and ground protection solutions for the energy, power, and infrastructure industries. Terms of the deal were not disclosed"
" Teleflex Inc (NYSE:TFX) has agreed to buy fellow medical device maker Vascular Solutions (NasdaqGS:VASC) for about $1 billion, according to Reuters. At $56 per share, Teleflex’s offer represents a 1.6% premium over Vascular Solutions stock’s close Thursday. The acquisition announcement comes less than a year after Vascular Solutions, along with its founder and chief executive, Howard Root, was found not guilty in a criminal suit tied to “off label” advertising strategies. Read more"
" Canopy Growth (TSX:CGC), Canada’s largest marijuana distributor, has agreed to buy competitor Mettrum Health (TSXV:MT) for about C$430 million ($321 million), according to Bloomberg. The all-stock deal values Mettrum at C$8.42 per share, a 42% premium to the company’s closing price Wednesday. Canada plans to legalize recreational marijuana use in 2017. Read more"
" China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund has agreed to buy German semiconductor-equipment supplier Aixtron SE (DB:AIXA) for €670 million euro ($714 million). But in an unusual move, President Obama is expected to block the acquisition due to security concerns, according to Reuters. Last month, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States advised that the deal be stopped. Read more"
" SessionM, a Boston platform for automated mobile marketing, has acquired LoyalTree, a Pittsburgh, Pa. point-of-sale integration platform. SessionM is backed by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, General Atlantic, CRV, among others"
" WildHorse Resource Development, a Texas-based oil and gas E&P backed by Natural Gas Partners, has set its IPO terms. The company plans to raise $550 million by offering 27.5 million shares between $19 to $21 per share. If it priced in the midpoint of that range, it would have a diluted market value of $1.8 billion. WildHorse Resource Development plans to list on the NYSE under the ticker symbol WRD"
" AngelList, a crowdfunding platform for startups and angel investors, has agreed to acquire Product Hunt, an online community for tech enthusiasts. Both companies are based in San Francisco. Product Hunt, which was founded three years ago by Ryan Hoover and Nathan Bashaw, has raised $7.1 million in funding from Andreessen Horowitz, GV, and Slow Ventures, among other investors. Read more at Fortune"
" Fandango Media, an online movie ticketing platform owned by ComcastCorp, said it would buy Cinepapaya, a Peru-based website for purchasing movie tickets. Financial terms were not disclosed. Cinepapaya has raised $3 million in capital from investors including Movile, 500 Startups, and Wayra. Read more at Fortune"
" Information Services Group (NasdaqGM:III) has acquired Alsbridge Holdings, Inc., a U.S.-based sourcing, automation and transformation advisory firm, for $74 million in cash and stock. Alsbridge was backed by LLR Partners"
" Silver Oak Services Partners has sold Accent Food Services, an Austin vending food distributor, to Audax Private Equity"
" Flexpoint Ford, a Chicago private equity firm, has acquired Purchasing Power, an Atlanta voluntary benefit company, from Rockbridge Growth Equity"
" Matrix Capital Markets Group has sold two truck stops and one convenience store owned by 7-Eleven, Inc. to Parkland Fuel Corporation"
" Return Path, a New York City-based email data company, has acquired Email Copilot, a San Diego, Calif.-based company that provides monitoring, reporting, and analysis of email deliverability data. Email Copilot raised $1.25 million from Promus Ventures, and Anthem Venture Partners, among other investors"
" Huiyin Blockchain Ventures, a subsidiary fund of Chinese investment company the Huiyin Group focused exclusively on blockchain-related investments, has launched with $20 million in commitments, according to Coindesk. Read more"
" Founder Collective, a Cambridge, Mass.-based seed-stage venture capital firm, raised $75 million for its third fund"
" Eddy Shalev, Jonathan Saacks, and Barak Rabinowitz, former partners at the Israeli VC firm Genesis Partners, have launched their own firm. Called F2 Capital, it will focus on early-stage investments and is in the process of closing a $50 million initial fund, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Gianluca Banfi has joined Lincoln International as a managing director at the Chicago-based investment bank’s Milan office. Previously, Banfi was executive director of the corporate finance division at Finanziaria Internazionale, a private Italian investment bank"
 Bennett Woodward is now a partner and chief investment officer at Waterloo Capital
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"A G Thing: In November Stripe announced its $150 million Series D round led by CapitalG, the growth equity investment arm of Alphabet. Existing investors General Catalyst and Sequoia Capital joined"
"But reports at the time failed to mention an interesting new participant in the round: GV, Alphabet’s early stage venture arm, Term Sheet has learned."
"GV typically invests in early stage deals, but has stretched its mandate in the past for deals like Uber’s $258 million Series C. And this is not the first time GV and its older sibling have co-invested, either. Both firms invested in Gusto, the benefits software startup. (GV invested in the seed round and CapitalG invested in Series B.) It’s not even the first time both firms invested in the same round: Both firms were a part of Oscar Health’s September 2015 round of funding."
"A person close to the deal said this usually happens when the entrepreneur wants to work with a particular investor; in this case, the GV partner on the deal was MG Siegler."
" Value Add: Doug Landis has joined Emergence Capital Partners as a Growth Partner. Landis has been at Box since 2012, most recently with the title of “Chief Storyteller,” (A job that has something to do with making the company more “customer-centric.”) Before that he was Box’s VP of Sales Productivity, and for nearly five years prior to that he held a similar role at Salesforce"
"So what does a growth partner do? I’ve been seeing the title more frequently—Social+Capital Partnership’s Ray Ko is a growth partner; other firms have full-fledged growth teams and others yet have growth “platforms.” Considering many venture firms use the word “growth” to describe their late-stage venture investing (like CapitalG, mentioned above), and private equity firms use it to describe their early stage investing, I’d love if we found a word other than “growth” to describe this role."
"Landis is the first growth partner at Emergence Capital. He’ll be leaning on his background in software-as-a-service sales to create “go-to-market” strategies and ideas to share with Emergence Capital’s 45 portfolio companies, as well as the broader enterprise tech community. Emergence Capital Partner Jason Green has called this new effort, led by Landis, a “platform.”"
"“Doug has been at the center of a community of SaaS sales leaders that share best practices and we want him to continue to do that,” Green tells Term Sheet. “Our goal is to raise the game not just of the portfolio but the community overall.” Green would not say whether Landis gets a piece of Emergence’s partnership in the role."
"To many venture firms, offering portfolio companies a suite of services from recruiting and “design flights” to PR and fancy CEO summits is table-stakes for getting into the best deals. (That, and blogging. If you’re a VC without a blog, what are you even doing?) The “value add” services that private equity firms have been doing for decades is feeling less like a bubble-era extravagance and more like a permanent fixture for venture capital firms."
Emergence Capital focuses on enterprise and cloud startups. The firm’s fourth fund closed in 2015 with $335 million in capital commitments.
" Presented without comment: Clarium Capital and Founders Fund founder, Facebook board member, part-time Y Combinator partner, Trump Transition team member, future blood-of-the-young injector, and, perhaps most relevant to this conversation, Gawker lawsuit-funder, Peter Thiel showed up to a costume party over the weekend. The theme was “Villains and Heroes.” Thiel dressed as Hulk Hogan. Trump showed up dressed as himself"
" In Transition: David Sacks said he will step aside as CEO of wounded insurance unicorn Zenefits after he helps to hire a replacement for himself. In memo obtained by BuzzFeed, Sacks declared Zenefits’ turnaround complete"
"That set off the rumor that Sacks might join the Trump transition team like his Paypal co-founder Thiel. Not true, a Zenefits spokesman tells Term Sheet. But that much should be obvious: Inauguration is in six weeks, not counting the holidays. For Sacks to join the transition team, he’d have to recruit a new CEO immediately. That would be difficult for any company, but especially for one that’s fresh off of massive layoffs, had its valuation sliced in half, lost $200 million last year, and was forced by regulators to adopt an entirely new business model."
" What Bubble? Another day, another CPG giant launches a venture arm. Today it’s Tyson Foods with a $150 million fund to back “alternative protiens” startups, among other food manufacturing ideas. Fortune’s John Kell has the scoop"
"Called Tyson New Ventures, the meat producer’s VC fund is just the latest bet by a large manufacturer of foods to seek to link up with upstart brands that have disrupted the local grocery aisle. Tyson Foods’ VC fund news comes after several rivals, including General Mills, Kellogg, and Campbell Soup, have all set up VC investment vehicles. Read more here."
" Correction: Friday’s Term Sheet item about Madison Logic included the incorrect HSR threshold for M&A deals. While it fluctuates each year, the threshold is currently $78.2 million, not $150 million"
 Pope Francis wants business leaders to help spread the wealt
 Mark Cuban will testify at a Time Warner–AT&T hearin
 Italy's zombie banks should be terrified about a 'no' vote in Renzi referendu
" Facebook clones Snapchat, agai"
 Apple still in the autonomous car game
 Q&A with Juniper CEO Rami Rahi
 Transforming women’s health with big dat
 A new manifesto for busines
...AND ELSEWHERE
"Masayoshi Son’s big bets. Clickbait for Wall Street. Silicon Valley tourism (the literal kind). The next Pokemon Go. “You’ve gone from strangers at the gate, to barbarians and eventually robbers of the industry.” Saved you a trick. The rise and fall of Makerbot. Innovation theater on Wall Street. Hot new app alert: SEC Mobile. The Brooklyn design aesthetic is colonizing the planet. The hellscape of the Snapchat Spectacles line. Why our post-truth world is so scary. “A national charter to responsible innovators.”"
" Datrium, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based company that develops and manufactures server flash storage systems, raised $55 million in Series C funding. New Enterprise Associates led the round, and was joined by Lightspeed Venture Partners"
" Cerevance, a neuroscience company focused on discovering and developing therapeutics for neurological and psychiatric disorders, raised $36 million in funding from Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (TOKYO:4502) and Lightstone Ventures. Takeda, a Japanese-based pharmaceutical company, also provided Cerevance with a 25-person neuroscience research team"
" Impel NeuroPharma, a Seattle-based clinical stage biotechnology company developing intranasal drug treatments for central nervous disorders, closed its Series C round at $36 million (the company received $21 million, with the remaining $15 million contingent on the accomplishment of  development and business milestones.) VenBio, 5AM Ventures and Vivo Capital all participated"
" Lemonade, a New York City peer-to-peer insurance provider, raised $34 million in Series B funding. General Catalyst led the round, and was joined by GV, Thrive Capital, Tusk Ventures, Aleph, Sequoia, and XL Innovate."
" MoneyLion, a New York City-based mobile personal finance platform, raised $22.5 million in Series A funding. Edison Partners led the round, and was joined by FinTech Collective, Citizen.VC, Clocktower Ventures, Broadhaven Capital Partners, and Montage Ventures"
" Accompany, a Los Altos, Calif. app that creates miniature dossiers for users’ contacts, raised $20 million in funding. Ignition Partners led the round. Read more at Fortune"
" MedNet Solutions, a Minnetonka, Minn.-based healthcare technology company that develops clinical study management solutions, raised $16.5 million funding from Arrowroot Capital and Cohesive Capital Partners"
" Lilium Aviation, a Munich, Germany-based startup developing a plane that lands and takes off vertically, raised $10.7 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Atomico led the round. Read more"
" OrthoSpace, an Israeli company that develops  orthopedic biodegradable balloon systems for shoulder implants, raised $7 million in funding. Investors include HealthpointCapital, Smith & Nephew, TriVentures and Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC Inc"
" Fidzup, a Paris-based maker of digital mobile marketing software for retailers, raised $3.7 million in funding from Cap Horn and Turenne Capital"
" Kinematics, a Leipzig, Germany manufacturer of robot-based toys for children, raised €2.5 ($2.7 million) million in funding from the Investment Bank of the State of Brandenburg, KOELBE Unternehmensbeteiligungen GmbH, and angel investors, according to Tech.edu. Read more"
" FIMI Opportunity Funds has agreed to purchase security provider G4S Israel for an estimated NIS425 million (£88 million; $111 million) in cash, according to the Telegraph. Read more"
"Riverstone Holdings, a New York City-based private equity firm, has invested $150 million in Avant Energy, a Mexican energy company"
"Capitala Group has invested in BigMouth Inc., a Glastonbury, Conn.-based lifestyle products manufacturer. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" XLerate Group, a  Charleston, S.C. auction for off-lease, rental, fleet, and dealer-consigned vehicles backed by Huron Capital, has acquired Lone Star Auto Auction, a Lubbock, Texas-based operator of an auction building for car dealers. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"Clio Holdings, a Bloomfield Hills, Mich.-based granite countertop manufacturer backed by O2 Investment Partners and Tecum Capital, has acquired TopMaster, a Kansas City, Kan.-based company that installs and produces countertops for homes and commercial projects. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Hastings Equity Partners has acquired Impact! Chemical Technologies, a Midland, Texas-based company that manufactures chemistries for the oil and gas industries. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Hammond, Kennedy, Whitney & Company has acquired Xirgo Technologies, a Camarillo, Calif.-based developer of machine-to-machine applications for tracking, monitoring, protecting and controlling remote assets and workers supporting the ""Internet of things"" industry. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Along with portfolio company Shawnee Exploration, an Ill.-based company that acquires and finances onshore shallow oil fields, Coral Reef Capital has acquired the Illinois Basin assets of Viola Oil & Gas Holdings, a Houston, Texas oil and gas exploration and production company. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Blackstone Tactical Opportunities has agreed to invest in BTIG, a financial services firm specializing in institutional trading, investment banking, research and related brokerage services. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Uber has acquired Geometric Intelligence, a multidisciplinary A.I. company, according to The New York Times. Financial terms were not disclosed, but all 15 of Geometric Intelligence’s employees will join Uber, including founders Gary Marcus and Zoubin Ghahraman who have been appointed co-directors of the company’s new in-house A.I. research arm. Read more"
" Shopify has acquired Tiny Hearts, a Toronto digital product studio that develops mobile apps, games and bots"
" Burberry (LSE:BRBY) has rejected multiple takeover offers from U.S. handbag manufacturer Coach (NYSE:COH). If the deal had gone through, the market value of the combined company would have been above $20 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings (SEHK:1038), a Hong Kong-based infrastructure company, has made an unsolicited bid to purchase Australian energy giant Duet Group (ASX:DUE) for A$7.3 billion ($5.4 billion) in cash. At A$3 ($2.2) per share, the offer represents a 28% premium to Duet’s Friday close. The deal, which is being considered by the board and is subject to regulatory approval, comes just four months after the Australian government blocked CKI from purchasing a controlling stake in Ausgrid, a state-owned energy grid. Read more at Fortune"
" Consolidated Communications Holdings (NasdaqGS:CNSL) has agreed to buy broadband service provider FairPoint Communications (NasdaqCM:FRP) in an all-stock deal valued at $1.5 billion, including debt, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) has acquired Yes, Inc. a Palo Alto, Calif. consumer mobile app startup. As part of the deal, seven Yes, Inc. employees have joined the company, including CEO Keith Coleman, who is now Twitter’s VP of product, according to Recode. Read more"
" Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR), a networking company, has agreed to acquire AppFormix, a San Jose, Calif. developer of software to manage cloud operations. Financial terms were not disclosed. AppFormix raised $7 million in funding from August Capital"
" Angstrom Graphics has acquired New Channel Direct, a Cleveland-based direct mail service company, from Weinberg Capital Group. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Morningstar (NASDAQ: MORN) has closed its previously announced purchase of PitchBook Data Inc., a Seattle-based information provider for the private capital markets including venture capital, private equity, and M&A. No financial terms were announced but previous reports put the purchase price at $225 million"
" B&G Foods (NYSE: BGS) has acquired Victoria Fine Foods Holding Company and Victoria Fine Foods, a New York City-based company that makes a variety of pasta and specialty sauces, from Huron Capital Partners and certain other sellers for about $70 million in cash"
" Protector Holdings has acquired Big Savings Insurance Services, a Sacramento, Calif.-based insurance provider that specializes in serving Hispanic consumers. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Sentinel Capital Partners has recapitalized Sonny’s Enterprises, a Tamarac, Fla. conveyorized car wash systems manufacturer"
" Celgene Corporation (NasdaqGS:CELG) has agreed to acquire Acetylon Pharmaceuticals, a Boston pharmaceutical company that develops small molecule drugs targeting epigenetic mechanisms to treat cancer and other diseases. Prior to the acquisition, Acetylon will spin out a new company, Regenacy Pharmaceuticals, which will focus on the development of novel drug candidates that selectively regenerate intracellular transport and upregulate gene expression to modify the course of a disease. Acetylon Pharmaceuticals was already backed by Celgene, having raised $151.2 million in funding from the biotechnology company and The Kraft Group"
" Advent International has agreed to purchase a majority ownership stake in V.Group, a Glasgow, U.K.-based marine and offshore vessel management and support services provider, from OMERS Private Equity"
" Riata Capital Group has recapitalized WSS, a Los Angeles-based Hispanic-focused athletic, fashion, and work-related footwear and accessories retailer. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" French broadcaster TF1 has taken a majority stake in MinuteBuzz, a Paris online video entertainment platform that has 8 million subscribers and allows brands to sponsor real-time articles, according to Variety. MinuteBuzz raised €1 million ($1.1 million) in funding from Seventure Partners. Read more"
" Din, a California meal-kit maker that raised $3 million in funding from Accel, Lowercase Capital, Slow Ventures, and several angels, shut down in October after running out of capital and failing to generate interest from investors, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN), a food company that develops chicken, beef, pork, and prepared products, is launching a $150 million venture-capital fund that will invest in startups developing new packaging techniques, laboratory-grown meat, and other high-tech products or solutions for the food industry. With the move, Tyson Foods joins General Mills (NYSE:GIS), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) and Campbell Soup (NYSE:CPB), which have launched investment arms in recent years. Read more at Fortune"
" Electra Partners, a London investment firm, has changed its name to Epiris"
" Solace Capital Partners, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm focused on distressed-for-control investments, has closed its inaugural fund at $576 million"
" Steve Parsons has joined Z Capital as a managing director and operating partner focused on the development and implementation of human capital strategies. Previously, he was executive vice president and chief human resources officer at Stage Stores"
" Rodrigo Prudencio has joined Amazon's corporate development team as part of the Alexa Fund. Previously, Prudencio was a partner at energy-tech VC Nth Power"
" General Atlantic, a New York City-based private equity firm, has made several promotions. Effective January 1, Aaron Goldman and Shantanu Rastogi will be managing directors and Erin Chang will be a principal. Before joining General Atlantic, Goldman worked on the growth equity team at the Fremont Group in San Francisco. Rastogi was previously a principal at Apax Partners"
" Michael J. Silverstein will join The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ: CG) as operating executive consultant with the global consumer and retail group on January 2. Currently, Silverstein is a senior partner and managing director at Boston Consulting Group"
" Mark Hatch has joined early-stage venture firm Network Society Ventures as a general partner, according to TechCrunch. Hatch was previously a CEO at TechShop. Read more"
" Bob Clone, the former head of private equity for Indiana and a long-time private markets investor with the Michigan Treasury, passed away last week from cancer. He is survived by his wife, Marianne, daughter Stephanie, and son Benjamin"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
" Earlier this year Term Sheet reported that former professional football players Brent Jones and Tommy Vardell planned to leave Northgate Capital, the venture capital firm they co-founded 16 years ago, by the end of the year. It was unclear at the time how that would work, given their leaving would trigger a key-man provision for the firm, which has $4.8 billion in assets under management"
"The end of the year is approaching and an astute Term Sheet reader noticed that Jones and Vardell are no longer listed on Northgate’s website. Northgate tells Term Sheet that Jones and Vardell are currently still acting as partners at the firm, but “it is anticipated” that Jones and Vardell will move to a “long term consulting arrangement” with Northgate in early 2017. The firm stresses all parties “are pleased about the proposed future arrangements.”"
"Regarding the key man provision, the firm says Jones and Vardell will continue to be actively involved with existing Northgate funds, and as such, it doesn’t expect a key man provision to be triggered. The decision to remove Jones and Vardell from the website was made in consultation with them."
"Some context: In April, Northgate majority owner Religare Enterprises sold its stake in the firm to The Capital Partnership, an investment advisor based in London and Dubai. Investors were alerted to leadership transition soon thereafter."
" Expansive Saga: An update on the legal battle between Adeo Ressi and Jon Soberg, co-founders of early stage venture firm Expansive Ventures. Over the summer, Ressi was ordered by a judge to pay Soberg $3.5 million. Last we checked in, Ressi had lost his appeal, then filed for bankruptcy and taken out a loan against his home from his old friend Elon Musk. The bankruptcy filing put the pending lawsuit on hold, and in the meantime, Ressi appealed again"
"In November the Santa Clara Superior Court compelled the case into arbitration, meaning Ressi would have to start all over again if he wants to continue to fight the original arbitration decision. That, or he could pay the $3.5 million."
" Double deal: GoDaddy is on an acquisition spree. The $6 billion (market cap) company has announced two deals in the last 24 hours, one big and one small: The big one is the company’s previously-reported expansion of its European footprint, a $1.8 billion acquisition of Host Europe Group from Cinven. The small one is a 39-person, bootstrapped Wordpress services business called WP Curve"
" Housekeeping: Fortune’s Kia Kokalitcheva is joining Laura Entis and I on the daily collection of deal items you see below. To streamline things, we’ve created a dedicated inbox for you to submit news. Send your deal and fund announcements, along with hiring news, to termsheet@fortune.com"
 Fraud arrests at Kit Digita
 NYC seeks $35 million to protect Trum
 How businesses are handling new overtime charge
 3 Predictions about the global populist surg
" Thanks, Obama: Trump is inheriting the best economy in a generatio"
 Insider trading at Expedi
 Amazon G
 Trump’s tax plan could give Buffett a $29 billion boos
 Mark Pincus’ stock lawsuit goes ahea
…AND ELSEWHERE
Microsoft tries another chatbot. Trump’s children and business since birth. In which Trump’s lawyers argue there was no fraud in the election. Pantsuits were once illegal for women. Tim Armstrong optimistic about the Yahoo deal. Viacom not interested in Vice. Theranos’ lofty projections. Goldman banker reshuffling. Is Airbnb still the nice guy? Why people believe conspiracy theories like Pizzagate. The opaque world of video game voice acting.
"  Elysium Health, a New York City-based company that produces health supplements with longevity claims, raised $20 million in Series B funding led by General Catalyst Partners. This item, which previously cited an article in TechCrunch, has been updated to include the correct investor after the company made its funding announcement official. "
" Harman International (NYSE:HAR) has made a strategic partnership and an investment of around $15 million in Navdy, a San Francisco startup selling $799 futuristic heads-up digital display for cars. As part of the agreement, Harman will have exclusive rights to distribute a co-branded device to automakers. Previous investors in the startup, which has raised $42 million to date, include Eniac Ventures, Formation8, Promus Ventures, QualcommVentures, and Upfront Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" SocialChorus, a San Francisco employee communications platform, raised $10 million in funding from Kohlberg Ventures"
" ConnectedYard, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based maker of a pool water monitoring devices, raised $7 million in Series A funding from Lonza, Playground Global, and Tandem Capital"
" LeadGenius, a Berkeley, Calif.-based provider of sales marketing tools for enterprise, raised an additional $4 million in Series B funding from SJF Ventures, Lumia Capital, and Javelin Venture Partners, which brings the round to $14 million"
" Beamr, an Israeli video and image encoding and processing company, raised $4 million in funding from Verizon Ventures"
" Privateaser, a French event space booking service, raised €3 million ($3.2 million) in funding from ISAI"
" Visbit, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based virtual reality and 360-degree video streaming company, raised $3.2 million in seed funding from Presence Capital, ZhenFund, Colopl Next, Amino Capital, and Eversunny Limited"
" strongDM, a San Mateo, Calif.-based platform that allows businesses to manage who has access to company databases, raised $3 million in new funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include True Ventures, Bloomberg Beta, Laconia Capital Group, Social Starts, and Jerry Neumann. Read more"
" GuaranteedPros, a Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based company for finding professional services, raised $2 million in seed funding from Panamax Capital"
" Fuzu, a Finnish company that provides career recommendations, raised €1.8 million ($1.9 million) from FinnFund"
" Tradeshift, a San Francisco-based provider of procurement and supply chain management tools, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Santander InnoVentures"
" Hubba, a Toronto-based service that helps retailers find new products, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Goldman Sachs Investment Partners, with participation from Real Ventures, Kensington Venture Fund, and Brightspark Ventures"
" EQT Partners, a Stockholm-based private equity firm, has acquired AutoStore, a Norwegian robotics company that automates inventory management. Financial terms were not disclosed, but a report in the Swedish news site Breakit valued the deal at around €400 million ($430 million). Read more"
" Tri-Point, an oil and gas production, process equipment and services company back by the private equity firm First Reserve, has acquired Leed Fabrication Services, Streamline Production Systems, and Superior Fabrication, all providers of oil and gas production and processing equipment. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Clinical Supplies Management, a Fargo, N.D. provider of clinical trial services to biotechnology companies backed by Great Point Partners, has acquired the assets of Theorem Clinical Research – Clinical Supplies, a German provider of clinical trial drug packaging and other services. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Corridor Capital, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm, has invested in Nationwide Property & Appraisal Services, a Gibbsboro, N.J.-based appraisal management company"
" HPS Investment Partners has made a minority investment in NFP, a New York City-based insurance broker, consultant, and wealth management company that is majority owned by private equity firm Madison Dearborn Partners"
" Shoes For Crews, a CCMP Capital portfolio company that designs and manufactures slip-resistant footwear, has agreed to acquire the SureGrip Footwear subsidiary of Genesco Inc. (NYSE: GCO)"
" KPA, a Lafayette, Colo.-based environmental health and safety, HR management, and sales and finance compliance solutions provider backed by CIVC Partners LP, has acquired Succeed Management Solutions, a Lake Oswego, Ore. risk management software provider. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Liberty Mutual Holding has agreed to acquire U.S. specialty property and casualty insurer Ironshore from China-based Fosun International (0656.HK) for around $3 billion, according to Reuters. Fosun International took Ironshore private in November 2015, a move that attracted attention from Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.  Read more"
" Synchronoss Technologies (NasdaqGS:SNCR), a customer service software provider for mobile carriers, has agreed to buy cloud-based business software provider Intralinks Holdings (NYSE:IL) for $821 million in cash, according to Reuters. At $13 per share, Synchronoss' offer represents a 15.4% premium to Intralinks Monday close. Read more"
" Volkswagen (XTRA:VOW3) is interested in selling a minority stake in Moia, its new, independent mobility company focused on developing autonomous on-demand transportation, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Software AG (Frankfurt TecDAX: SOW) has acquired Zementis, a San Diego, Calif.-based provider of artificial intelligence software. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed"
" GoDaddy has acquired WP Curve, an Australian company that provides support services for WordPress developers and websites. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed"
" The Mobile Majority, a New York City-based mobile advertising platform, has acquired Gimbal (formerly Qualcomm Retail Solutions), a San Diego, Calif.-based mobile engagement and location intelligence platform"
" JBS (BOVESPA:JBSS3), a Brazilian food company and the world’s largest beef processor, plans to sell shares of its subsidiary JBS Foods International in the United States in the first half of 2017. Pricing terms have yet to be determined. The move is part of a larger operational reorganization after plans to move the company’s headquarters to Ireland were scrapped. Read more at Fortune"
" Trivago, a Dusseldorf, Germany-based hotel search aggregator held by Expedia (NasdaqGS:EXPE), has set its IPO terms. The company plans to raise $399 million by offering 28.5 million shares between $13 to $15 per share and would have an initial market cap of $4.9 billion were it to price in the middle of its range. The company plans to list on the Nasdaq under the symbol TRVG"
" GoDaddy (NYSE:GDDY) has agreed to buy fellow website domain name provider Host Europe Group for €1.69 billion ($1.82 billion), including debt, from private equity firm Cinven Ltd. Read more at Fortune"
" Thoma Bravo, a Chicago-based private equity firm, has agreed sell Deltek, a Herndon, Va.-based provider of enterprise software and solutions for project-based businesses, to Roper Technologies for $2.8 billion"
" KKR (NYSE:KKR) has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Optiv Security, a Denver-based provider of end-to-end cyber security solutions, from Blackstone (NYSE: BX). Blackstone will maintain a minority interest in Optiv. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Blue Wolf Capital Partners has acquired Tenon Holdings‘ stake in NACS USA, a maker of moldings, stair parts, doors and other specialty building products. NACS USA will operate under the name Novo Building Products. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Polaris has agreed to sell Avanti Wind Systems, a Danish company that manufactures wooden ladders for the wind turbine industry, to Alimak Group"
" Bill Maris, the founder and former CEO of Google Ventures (he resigned earlier this year), is reportedly raising $230 million for a new fund, according to Recode. Called Section 32, it will focus on healthcare investments. Read more at Fortune"
" Partech Ventures, a French-based early-stage VC firm, has raised €100 million ($108 million) for a fund that aims to finance roughly 80 seed-stage startups in the U.S. and Europe, according to Venturebeat. Read more"
" Frank Cooper has joined BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) as the firm’s global chief marketing officer, according to the Wall Street Journal. Previously, he was marketing chief and chief creative officer at Buzzfeed. Read more"
" City Financial has added four members to its investment team. Amy Wong, William Dumas and Justin Brodersen will join the firm’s New York City office, while Simon Taylor will be based in London. Previously, all worked at Fortress Investment Group (NYSE:FIG)"
" Sean Darin has joined private equity firm O2 Investment Partners as part of its investment team. Previously, Darin worked at RIN Capital and FINNEA Group"
" Chris Bires has joined 50 South Capital Advisors, a subsidiary of Northern Trust Corp, as a director of product strategy and investor relations. Previously, Bires was a director of global distribution at Citadel"
" Anthony Forshaw has joined Houlihan Lokey (NYSE:HLI) as a managing director in the capital markets group. Previously, Forshaw was a managing director in the corporate finance group at Deutsche Bank"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
 Adroll has laid off around 50 employees. AdRoll CEO Aaron Bell provided the following statement to Term Sheet
"During our annual planning process, we made prioritization decisions to focus on the growth areas that we’re most excited about. This led to a small number of roles being eliminated. We also opened other new roles, and there was no personnel impact in R&D. We saw record-breaking revenue in 2016 and these changes will support our ambitious growth plans for 2017 and beyond."
"The San Francisco ad-tech company has raised $90 million in funding from Foundation Capital, Institutional Venture Partners, Northgate Capital, Performance Equity, Glenmede, Merus Capital, Accel Partners and Peter Thiel."
"The latest employee count I could find for AdRoll is 400 as of April 2015. At the time, co-founder and president Adam Berke said AdRoll planned to add another 250 employees by year-end, or a person a day. Berke also touted a $150 million revenue run-rate."
"I suspect AdRoll is not the only startup to rush a round of layoffs out before the end of the year... Just a reminder, you can send Term Sheet an anonymous tip by clicking the link in this email."
" Promises: Masayoshi Son is on Team Trump and Trump is on Team SoftBank. Son yesterday promised Trump he will invest $50 billion in the U.S. to create 50,000 jobs. A few thoughts"
"This is not new money. It’s projected to come from SoftBank’s previously announced $100 billion tech investment fund, which is backed by Trump’s favorite country, Saudi Arabia."
"SoftBank has not exactly been a job creator in the U.S. As BTIG telecom analyst Walt Piecyk points out, Sprint has cut its headcount by 9,000 and reduced capital investment by 70% since SoftBank bought it three years ago."
"Son says he likes Trump’s stance on deregulation. He likely means antitrust scrutiny, which killed SoftBank’s original plan to buy Sprint and merge it with T-Mobile. Bloomberg reports that Son still wants to do that deal, even though T-Mobile’s stock has risen about 220% since 2013. But I’d have to imagine that merger would create more “synergies” than it would jobs."
"Son has been a master of surprise lately (always? but especially lately). In 2015 he flirted with taking SoftBank private in what would be the largest management buyout ever (SoftBank’s astonishing $120 billion in debt notwithstanding). Then he announced plans to hand off his company to Nikesh Arora so he could retire. Then he changed his mind and within weeks, SoftBank was spending $32 billion on a chipmaker and creating a $100 billion tech investment fund. It’s fun to watch him in action, but a roller-coaster for SoftBank shareholders investors."
"In other Trump-meets-Silicon Valley news: Politico on the many ways Silicon Valley’s incestuous interconnectedness (as I once called it, board whoring) can translate into conflicts of interest in Washington, Peter Thiel edition."
 Yes That Merger Again: Jeff Bewkes and Randall Stephenson are scheduled to defend their proposed merger before the Senate today. They had a trial run yesterday at a Business Insider conference. My colleague Jeff John Roberts covered their arguments in favor of the deal
"[Bewkes] predicted it would be different [than AOL-Time Warner] because of AT&T’s emerging power in mobile video, and because the hoped-for change in regulatory rules will allow AT&T to take advantage of targeted advertising."
"Stephenson, meanwhile, boasted that it made sense to buy rather than license TV content in part because Time Warner is “the peach of them all” with its properties like HBO and CNN. Read more here."
" How Much: Yesterday’s Term Sheet included an item announcing Goldman Sachs Investment Partners’ investment in Hubba, a platform that helps retailers find new brands to carry. The deal value was not disclosed, but a source familiar with the situation says Goldman invested $45 million in the Canadian startup. This deal comes from Goldman’s Asset Management Group, which is distinct from its San Francisco-based growth equity fund"
 What the Supreme Court insider trading rule means for hedge fund
 Uber’s new tracking tool is more convenient than creep
 Starbucks courting millennials with $10 coffe
" Trump, Buffett, and clean energ"
 How quickly wind power has caught o
 The Air Force’s $19 million cybersecurity dea
 Silicon Valley’s obsession with Universal Basic Incom
…AND ELSEWHERE
Tech’s broader problem with physics. SFO has a therapy pig. The dolls are listening (and sending the recordings to a defense contractor). The spectacular fall of Coding House. Techstars is a B Corp. Can algorithms trade Trump’s tweets? Analyzing Trump’s insults. We’re out of big ideas. KKR’s cybersecurity spree.
" Finicity, a Murray, Utah-based financial data aggregation and API services platform provider, raised $42 million in Series B funding. Experian led the round"
" SnapLogic, a San Mateo, Calif. enterprise integration platform that connects data, applications and devices for digital businesses, raised $40 million in Series F funding. European private equity firm Vitruvian Partners led the round, and was joined by Andreessen Horowitz, Capital One, Ignition Partners, NextEquity Partners and Triangle Peak Partners"
" PatientPing, a Boston-based company whose technology lets health care providers monitor their patients remotely, raised $31.6 million in Series B funding. Andreessen Horowitz and Leerink Transformation Partners led the round"
" KeyMe, a New York City app that allows users to store, copy, share, and duplicate their physical keys using a digital scan, raised $25 million in funding. Benefit Street Partners, an affiliate of Providence Equity Partners, led the round"
" Menlo Micro, an Irvine, Calif. designer of electronic switches created by GE (NYSE:GE), raised $18.7 million from Microsemi Corporation (Nasdaq: MSCC), Corning, Paladin Capital Group, and GE Venture"
" Kenna, a San Francisco-based vulnerability and risk intelligence platform, raised $15 million in Series B funding. PeakSpan Capital led the round, and was joined by OurCrowd, U.S. Venture Partners, Costanoa Venture Capital, and Hyde Park Angels. This item has been updated to correct Kenna's location"
" Metabolon, a Research Triangle Park, N.C.-based maker of software for biotech research, raised $15 million in funding from Essex Woodlands. This follows a $15 million investment the company received from the private equity firm in August"
" Secdo, a New York City and Israel-based maker of security alert monitoring software, raised $10 million in Series A funding. RDC, an arm of Israel’s Rafael Advanced Defense Systems and Elron Electronic Industries, led the round, with participation from Check Point Software Technologies cofounder and chairman Marius Nacht, and Anobit co-founders Ariel Maislos, Ehud Weinstein, and Ofir Shalvi. Read more at Fortune"
" Abyrx, an Irvington, N.Y.-based maker of biosurgical products, raised $10 million in funding from Canaan Partners, MedEdge, and BB Biotech Ventures"
" PDC*line Pharma, a Grenoble, France-based developer of a new immuno-oncology platform, raised €4 million ($4.2 million) in funding from Meusinvest, Spinventure, and Financière Spin-Off Luxembourgeoise/INVESTSUD Group"
" Alluvium, a New York City developer of software that applies machine learning to mechanical data, raised $2.5 million in seed funding. Investors include IA Ventures, Lux Capital, Bloomberg Beta, and Mike Olson, chief executive officer of Cloudera. Read more at Fortune"
" Pepo, a Berlin-based group social messaging app that connects users with shared interests, raised $2.35 million in seed funding, according to TechCrunch. Tencent led the round, and was joined by Greycroft, Vectr, and Correlation, and Jason Goldberg -- the company’s founder. Goldberg previously founded Jobster, Hem and, most notably, Fab. Read more"
" Raptor Maps, a Cambridge, Mass.-based maker of drone-enabled technology for the agricultural industry, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Airware’s Commercial Drone Fund"
" Cambridge Touch Technologies, a Cambridge, U.K.-based developer of 3D multi-touch technologies for smartphones and tablets, raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding. Cambridge Enterprise led the round, with participation from other investors including Amadeus Capital Partners and Parkwalk Advisors"
" Chowly Inc., a Chicago-based company developing third-party online ordering systems for the restaurant industry, raised an undisclosed amount in seed funding. Investors include MATH Venture Partners, Chicago Ventures, and M25 Group"
" Jacada, an Atlanta-based provider of customer experience technology, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Israel Growth Partners. As part of the deal, IGP partner Haim Shani is joining Jacada’s board of directors"
"L Catterton has acquired Pinarello, an Italian maker of road bikes, apparel and accessories. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Worldwide Facilities, a Los Angeles-based insurance wholesale broker backed by Lovell Minnick Partners, has acquired Trinity Underwriting Managers Inc, an underwriting manager and insurance broker specializing in commercial transportation. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" KJM Capital has acquired Watkins Refrigerated, a Lakeland Fla.-based refrigerated carrier, from Watkins Associated Industries. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" AVI-SPL, a Tampa, Fla.-based developer of audio visual and video collaboration services backed by H.I.G. Capital, has acquired Anderson Audio Visual, a San Diego, Calif.-based provider of audio visual services in California, Texas and North Carolina. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Onward Capital and Thompson Street Capital Partners have acquired Domaille Engineering, a Rochester, Minn.-based maker of polishing machines and fixtures, inspection equipment, and associated engineered products for the fiber-optic cable market"
" Nestle (SWX:NESN) has agreed to sell its nutrition drink brand Nutrament to Harvest Hill Beverage Company, a Stamford, Conn.-based fruit juice company backed by Brynwood Partners"
" Staples, Inc. (Nasdaq:SPLS) has agreed to sell it European business, which consists of retail, contract, and online businesses in 16 countries and generates an aggregate annual sales of about €1.7 billion ($1.82 billion), to an affiliate of private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management. Staples will retain a 15% stake in the business"
" Spanos Barber Jesse & Co. has invested in Troy Lee Designs, a Corona, Calif. provider of off-road motorcycling and mountain biking gear and apparel"
" Stone-Goff Partners has invested in The Channel Company, a Westborough, Mass. provider of media, events and other marketing services to the technology channel"
" Following Time Inc.’s (NYSE:TIME) rejection of Edgar Bronfman Jr., Len Blavatnik and Ynon Kreiz’s $1.8 billion takeover bid, Hearst is interested in acquiring a few of the company’s titles, including Real Simple, InStyle, and Cooking Light, according to the New York Post. Per the report, Hearst has yet to approach Time Inc., which also owns People, Sports Illustrated, Time, and Term Sheet publisher Fortune. Read more"
" Equinix (Nasdaq:EQIX) is buying 29 data centers in the United States and Latin America from Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) for $3.6 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" The European Union has approved Microsoft’s (Nasdaq:MSFT) $26 billion acquisition of LinkedIn (NYSE:LNKD), a Mountain View, Calif.-based social network for professionals. Read more"
" StepStone Group, a New York City-based asset manager, has closed its previously announced acquisition of Swiss Capital Alternative Investments AG, a Zurich-based provider of private debt and hedge fund solutions. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Last week, there were reports that Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) was close to acquiring smartwatch company Pebble. Today, the fitness band maker announced it is acquiring Pebble’s assets, which includes key employees and intellectual property, but not its hardware products. Read more at Fortune"
" PSAV, an audiovisual and event technology company backed by Olympus Partners and Goldman Sachs’ merchant banking division, has acquired Southern Audio Visual, a Miami-based provider of audio visual services for the hospitality industry, from Prudential Capital Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Livingbridge has acquired a stake in Rhubarb, a London-based food and beverage operator, from ECI Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Keter Group, an Israeli household and garden product manufacturer backed by BC Partners, has agreed to acquire Clessidra’s stake in ABM Italia, an Italian maker of high-end resin storage systems for domestic and office applications. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" FreshLime has acquired Dasheroo, a San Francisco-based maker of cloud-based software for small to medium-sized businesses. Dasheroo raised $3.25 million in funding from investors including Cloud Apps Capital Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Altus Capital Partners has sold Rocla Concrete Tie, a Denver-based manufacturer of concrete railway ties, to Vossloh for around $117.2 million. Read more"
"Weston Presidio completed two exits. The private equity and venture firm has sold Edge Systems, a Signal Hill, Calif. company that designs and markets patented equipment and consumable products for non-invasive aesthetic skin treatments, to Linden Capital Partners and DW Healthcare Partners. It also sold its shares in breakfast and brunch chain Snooze, an A.M. Eatery to New York City-based private equity firm Stripes Group"
" KKR (NYSE:KKR) has agreed to buy Calvin Capital, a London-based provider of gas and electricity meters to energy suppliers in the U.K., from Infracapital. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" The NFL Players Association is launching OneTeam Collective, a venture group that combines money from traditional investors (including Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Harvard Innovation Lab) with the marketing, licensing and content rights from star football players. Read more at Fortune"
" Ruvento, a Singapore-based firm focused on investing in hardware startups in China and the U.S., raised $25 million for a new seed fund, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Alpha Venture Partners, a New York City-based investment firm that provides funding to early-stage VC firms so they can participate in late-stage rounds, is seeking to raise $100 million for its second fund"
" Wing, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based venture capital firm founded by Gaurav Garg and Peter Wagner that invests in business technology startups, raised $250 million for its second fund"
This item has been corrected to say that this is Wing's second fund. 
" Ascension Ventures, the investment arm of Ascension Health Alliance, raised $255 million for its fourth fund, which will invest in healthcare companies"
"Eric Migicovsky, the founder and CEO of Pebble, is planning to rejoin startup accelerator Y Combinator as a partner advising early-stage companies on hardware development, according to a report in Bloomberg. Read more"
"David Bellaire has joined Waud Capital Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm, as an operating partner. Previously, he served was a senior advisor with Bain & Company"
Fazle Husain is joining CVC Capital Partners as a partner and head of U.S. healthcare. He is currently head of healthcare investing at Metalmark
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
"KKR has raised $711 million for a new growth equity technology fund called Next Generation Technology Growth Fund. A few notes based on a back-and-forth with David Welsh, the partner leading the effort who joined KKR in October from Adams Street Partners:"
"The fund will be doing deals for tech companies in the “scaling” stage. Meaning, their technology is proven and they’re already disrupting legacy competitors. “The goal is simple: enterprise building,” Welsh says."
KKR will occasionally use a small amount of debt in these deals.
"The fund has already done four deals: data analytics company Optimal+, travel booking site GetyourGuide, data integration startup Jitterbit and cybersecurity company Darktrace. Several of KKR’s best-known startup deals – Cylance, Magic Leap, Fanduel – were done outside of the fund."
"KKR’s selling point to startups is its network of portfolio companies. For example, KKR helped GoDaddy, which made two acquisitions this week, identify M&A targets and expand internationally. It’s not unlike the VC firms that foster community among their portfolio companies… except much, much bigger: KKR’s 100 portfolio companies spend $7 billion on IT and $10 billion on marketing each year."
 More layoffs: Yesterday I speculated that lots of startups are doing headcount-trimming before the end of the year. Here's one more
"Github, a San Francisco-based online project hosting startup, has made cuts to its sales department. The company confirmed the cuts to Term Sheet, saying the layoffs made up ""less than 5%"" of its employees. That would be around 30 people. A company spokesperson said the layoffs were part of Github’s focus on enterprise sales. “We are refocusing our resources in order to serve our customers more efficiently,” the spokesperson said."
"Valued at $2 billion, Github has raised $350 million in funding from Andreessen Horowitz, Sequoia, IVP, Thrive Capital, and SV Angel."
" Yes That Deal Again: The CEOs of AT&T and Time Warner yesterday used the dominance of Facebook and Google as a way to argue their proposed merger is not monopolistic. I certainly didn’t expect that approach, and I especially did not expect Randall Stephenson and Mark Cuban to position AT&T as a hot young disrupter taking on entrenched fatcats Facebook and Google, rather than what AT&T is: a $255 billion provider of an essential utility with the ability to play favorites with its business interests. Regardless, the argument appears to be working: Lawmakers were more “circumspect” about the merger than they were when it was initially proposed"
" Speaking of That Deal: My colleague Jeff John Roberts has a scoop on a Chinese hacking of some major U.S. law firms, including Cravath, which is representing Time Warner in the deal. Read more on that here"
" Fintech Turf Wars: I still think it’s silly for cities to battle over which one will become The Fintech Capital of the World, but in case you have a dog in that fight, Singapore is apparently beating Hong Kong"
" Call for Submissions: You all are an insightful bunch, so I’d like to try an experiment. For the next week or so I’m collecting one sentence submissions on the following questions"
What’s your top business-related prediction for 2017?
"What, if any, changes have you made to your strategy as a result of Trump and/or Brexit?"
Bonus question: Describe in one word how you feel about the next four years.
Respond to this email to submit. If all goes as planned I’ll publish the best answers as a roundup before the holidays. Please keep them short!
" When Trump attacks, threats follow"
 Cord-cutting spreads to broadband
 Abbot moves to kill the Alere deal
 How Airbnb would like to be regulated
 Vanguard flexes its muscles. The index-investing pioneer now has $3.8 trillion in assets. How will it use the clout that comes with all that money
 Bethenny Frankel’s new venture
 Tapering bond purchases in Europe
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Trump intends to keep a stake in his businesses. Bitcoin powerhouse done with bitcoin. Biohacking, startups, and the FDA. Lessons from Pebble’s demise. Inside Peter Theil’s genius factory. Mr. Yo is back. An investigation of Universal Health Services. Apple and taxes. More Michael Goguen legal drama. “The worst thing in the history of our environment!”"
" Crossover Health, an Aliso Viejo, Calif.-based provider of employee health care that develops onsite and near-site health centers, has raised $92 million from Gurnet Point Capital"
" Nubank, a Sao Paulo-based company that offers a “no-fee” credit card managed via mobile app, raised $80 million in a Series D funding. DST Global led the round, and was joined by Sequoia, Tiger Global, Founders Fund, and QED. Read more"
"Breather, a New York City-based provider of on-demand workspaces, has raised $40 million in Series C funding led by Menlo Ventures"
" Osmo, a digital learning startup, has secured $24 million in funding from Mattel, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, Collab+Sesame, Shea Ventures and joined by existing investors Accel, Upfront Ventures and K9 Ventures. The funding will build out Osmo’s suite of mixed-reality experiences, underlying reflective AI technology and help the company launch on its first non-iPad device, the iPhone"
" Augmedix, a San Francisco health applications for Google Glass, raised $23 million in funding from McKesson Ventures and OrbiMed"
"Swap.com, a Bolingbrook, Ill.-based provider of online consignment services, has raised $20 million led by Swedish private equity firm eEquity."
" Vida Health, a San Francisco-based digital health platform that provides expert coaches for chronic conditions and wellness, raised $18 million in Series B funding. Canvas Ventures led the round and was joined by Nokia Growth Partners,and Aspect Ventures"
" New Form, a Los Angeles-based entertainment studio, has raised $18 million in Series B funding from from ITV and Discovery Communications"
" Movinga, a German-based startup that provides moving services, raised $18.3 million (€17 million) in Series C funding, including $6.5 million that was previously disclosed, from Rocket Internet’s Global Founders Capital, Earlybird Venture Capital and STS Ventures, Carlo Kölzer, and Gert Purkert, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Sabella, a French maker of marine turbines, raised $8.6 million (€8 million) in new funding from Ecotechnologies Fund, Force 29, Litto Invest, and existing investors including Emertec, Go capital, and Farinia group IWF, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" Marvel, a London-based web and app based design platform, raised £4 million ($5.1 million). BGF Ventures led the round"
" AutoGraph, a Seattle-based provider of emotional intelligence and compliance technology, raised $4.7 million in Series B funding. Rally Capital led the round, and was joined by Voyager Capital"
" Waggle, a media company formed to publish original pet and animal content, raised $2.3 million in seed funding round. Raine Ventures led the round, and was joined by Lowercase Capital, Brooklyn Bridge Ventures, United Talent Agency, Broadway Video Ventures, Ore Ventures, and Allen Debevoise"
" Doctoranytime, a Belgian service for finding and booking appointments with dotors, raised $1.1 million (€1 million) in seed funding from angel investors including Apostolos Apostolakis, and Eleftheria Zourou, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" BiBoard, a Paris-based maker of cloud-based business intelligence software, raised $1.6 million (€1.5 million) from existing investors Sigma Management, Kreaxi, Alps Capital innovation and Entrepreneur Factory, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" Nuritas, an Irish food-tech company that uses artificial intelligence and DNA analysis to discover food molecules that can be used to develop supplements and drugs, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from U2 frontman Bono and lead guitarist The Edge. Read more at Fortune"
" Eversound, a provider of audio technology for older adults has raised $3 million in seed financing from Shelter Group, Red Bear Angels and 10X Ventures"
" Virteo, a Belgian fintech startup, has raised €2.2 million ($2.3 million) in a new round of financing from ParticipatieMaatschappij Vlaanderen, Sherpa Invest 2 and the Ark Angels Activator Fund"
" FHOOSH, a Miami-based cybersecurity startup, has raised $2 million from Volta Global"
" LifeYield, a Boston-based software company serving financial firms, advisors and investors, has received an investment of undisclosed size by Vestigo Ventures"
" PellePharm, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing patidegib, a topical hedgehog inhibitor to treat basal cell carcinomas, has secured a drawable pool of capital of undisclosed size from BridgeBio Pharma"
" Solvay, a Belgium-based chemicals company, has sold its Acetow unit, a supplier to cigarette filter companies, to Blackstone Group for approximately €1 billion ($1.07 billion)"
" EQT acquired a 60% stake of a joint venture which owns Getec Energie, a German energy company, according to Reuters. Read more"
" FIS (NYSE: FIS), a financial services technology company, has agreed to sell its SunGard Public Sector and Education businesses to Vista Equity Partners for $850 million. The SunGard Public Sector business will become a new independent company, while the SunGard Education business will become part of Vista-owned PowerSchool"
" M/C Partners, a Boston-based private equity and venture capital firm, has acquired Thrive Networks, a Tewksbury, Mass.-based managed services provider, from Manhattan Telecommunications Corporation and Corporate IT Solutions. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Water Street Healthcare Partners and JLL Partners have acquired MedPlast Inc., a Tempe, Ariz.-based medical device services provider. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Ideal-Tridon, a Smyrna, Tenn.-based designer and manufacturer of stainless steel worm gear and speciality clamps backed by Industrial Growth Partners, has acquired Strapbinder, a manufacturer of securement products, from Signode Industrial Group"
" Stone-Goff Partners invested in The Channel Company (TCC), a Boston-based provider of IT channel-related media, events and marketing offerings. Terms were not disclosed"
" ICV Partners, has invested in SG360, a Wheeling, Ill.-based printing and multichannel direct marketing company with $300 million in annual revenue, which was majority-owned by the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan"
" Wynnchurch Capital has acquired Rosboro Company, a Springfield, Ore.-based provider of integrated forest products. Terms were not disclosed"
" W2O Group, an network of analytics and marketing firms backed by Mountaingate Capital, acquired Sentient Interactive, a media analytics company. Terms were not disclosed"
" Abbott Laboratories (ABT.N) has moved to terminate its proposed acquisition of Alere (ALR.N), a Waltham, Mass.-based provider of medical diagnostic devices and services, citing a ""substantial loss"" in the value of the company since striking the deal in January when Alere was worth $5.8 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Sienna Biopharmaceuticals has acquired Creabilis, a U.K. and Italy-based company developing treatments for common inflammatory skin conditions. The price of the transaction could exceed $150 million. Creabilis was backed by Sofinnova Partners, Neomed, and AbbVie Biotech Ventures"
"Aon (NYSE: AON) has hired Morgan Stanley to explore a sale of its employee benefit outsourcing business, according to Reuters. The deal could be worth $5 billion. Read more."
" Sauce Labs, Inc., a San Francisco provider of cloud-based testing for mobile and web apps,  has acquired TestObject, a Berlin mobile app testing platform. TestObject raised $1.4 million in funding from WestTech Ventures and Frühphasenfonds Brandenburg"
" Main Street Capital Corp has recapitalized Hawk Ridge Systems, an Oakland, Calif.-based provider of 3D solutions. No financial terms were disclosed"
" Infogroup, a Papillion, Neb.-based provider of data, analytics and marketing services backed by CCMP Capital Advisor, is has hired Bank of America to sell itself. The sale could fetch $700 million to $800 million, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" American Express (NYSE:APX) acquired InAuth, a Boston, Mass.-based mobile device authentication and intelligence provider, for an undisclosed amount. InAuth was backed by $30 million in funding from Bain Capital Ventures, Commerce Ventures and Three Tree Ventures"
" Flexpoint Ford has acquired Purchasing Power Holdings, an Atlantia-based specialty e-retailer, from Rockbridge Growth Equity. Terms were not disclosed"
" GTCR has closed the previously announced sale of CAMP Systems, a provider of tracking systems for the aviation industry to The Hearst Corporation"
" KKR raised $711 million for its KKR Next Generation Technology Growth Fund, which will focus on technology, media, and telecom companies in the U.S., Europe, and Israel"
" 500 Startups plans to start a fund focused on startups in the Philippines in 2017, according to Bloomberg. The fund will be 500 Startups’ third to focus on Southeast Asia, after Thailand and Vietnam. Read more"
" Ben Franklin Technology Partners of Southeastern Pennsylvania, a non-profit government entity, Independence Health Group, the parent company of Independence Blue Cross; and Safeguard Scientifics (NYSE:SFE) will invest $6 million funding initiative over a four year period to into technology-driven, early-stage healthcare startups"
" MBK Partners, a South Korea private equity fund, has raised $4.1 billion for its latest fund, according to Pulse News. Read more"
No new jobs today.
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
"It’s the kind of thing that stinks to be right about. Earlier this week I predicted that many startups would go through end-of-year layoffs. Some are trimming headcount after over-expanding relative to their projections. Some are shifting strategies. Others are in survival mode. So far, I’ve written about layoffs at well-funded startups including AdRoll and Github. There are more where that came from."
" GuideSpark, a provider of software for human resources departments, laid off around 20% of its staff, or 60 people, in November, Term Sheet has learned. Guidespark Chief of Staff Pam Gonclaves confirmed the reduction “to expand and align its initiatives in the enterprise employee communications market,” and noted that employees were offered severance and outplacement assistance. The Menlo Park-based company has raised $42.5 million in venture funding from Meritech Capital Partners and Storm Ventures"
" On Tuesday, The Honest Company announced it would lay off 80 employees and close its office in Austin, Texas. President and co-founder Sean Kane and CFO David Parker will also step down. The news, which ran in Women’s Wear Daily, wasn’t picked up by the wider business press"
"The Honest Company is Jessica Alba’s consumer products startup. It has raised $228 million in funding, valuing it at $1.7 billion, from Wellington Lightspeed, IVP, Iconiq, Pritzker Group, General Catalyst, Fidelity, and AllianceBernstein."
"Earlier this year, the company was reportedly in talks to sell to a large consumer products company for around $1 billion. That deal never happened and in a surprise move, Unilever acquired Seventh Generation in October."
" Beepi, an online marketplace for used cars, will lay off 180 workers and close operations in 16 unprofitable cities. The company will merge with a new venture called Fair that has not yet launched"
"Mountain View-based Beepi has raised $149 million in funding from investors including DST Global, Foundation Capital and Flight Ventures."
" Yik Yak, an Atlanta-based anonymous messaging app, laid off 30 employees, or 60% of its staff, The Verge reported. The company also lost its CTO earlier this year. The app’s growth has stalled, according to The Verge, ever since it began requiring users to use handles to post their anonymous messages"
"YikYak raised $73.5 million from Sequoia Capital, Vaizra Investments, DCM Ventures, Azure Capital Partners, and Atlanta Ventures, valuing the company at $400 million. It’s not clear whether YikYak has developed a way to earn revenue."
" Founder Friendly: How did Mark Zuckerberg convince his board to let him create a third, non-voting class of Facebook stock, ensuring he retains control even if he sells all his stock, or, say, goes into politics for two years? Bloomberg revealed yesterday that he had some advice from inside the room. Facebook board member (and special committee member) Marc Andreessen coached him through negotiations, according to a shareholder lawsuit"
"The argument that companies like Facebook, Alphabet, and many startups including Theranos make for giving their founders complete control is that it allows them to think long-term and not obsess over quarterly results. Shareholders are happy to hand over their voting power when times are good, as they have been at Facebook for the past three years. But there’s something icky about seeing how that power is negotiated and maintained. Further, given the volume of shady startup situations we’ve seen over the last year, I predict the era of founder-friendly governance at startups is winding down."
"Coincidentally, my colleague Geoff Colvin (who has a newsletter about leadership), wrote yesterday about problematic boards, noting that board members at all companies, not just tech, don’t challenge their CEOs enough. He argued that companies need activist directors that challenge their executives:"
"The culture on most boards is getting along. Companies specifically seek directors who won’t be the squeaky wheel and cause tension, when that’s exactly what most boards need – activist directors willing to say what’s uncomfortable."
 Thanks to those of you that sent in predictions yesterday. Have a great weekend
 Why colleges are getting a 'C' in investin
" Twitter, surveillance, and the challenges of selling social dat"
 Fast facts on the Trump cabinet
 3 charts that show the U.S. housing market has recovere
 Japan’s thrifty millennial
 Trump reverses China stanc
…AND ELSEWHERE
Trump’s web of LLCs. QR codes for the elderly. A must-read on Magic Leap (subscription required). Investor’s remorse follows buyer’s remorse in big deals. The triumph of irrational thinking.
" Procore, a Carpinteria, Calif.-based maker of cloud-based construction software, raised $50 million in new funding. Iconiq Capital led the round. Procore is now valued at more than $1 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" Molotov, a French maker of a digital DVR-like service, raised $23.3 million (€22 million) in new funding from Idinvest, Sky, TDF, and other investors, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Nantero, a Woburn, Mass.-based nanotechnology company developing next-generation memory using carbon nanotubes, raised $21 million in new funding. Globespan Capital Partners led the round, with participation from new and existing investors"
" Eutilex, a South Korea-based biopharmaceutical company focused on treating cancers and autoimmune diseases, raised $18.9 million in Series A funding from DS Asset Management, Kolon Investment, G.N. Tech Venture, and SNU Bio Angel"
" Thanx, a San Francisco-based company that provides customer loyalty products to merchants, raised $17.1 million in Series B financing. Icon Ventures and Sequoia Capital led the round, with participation from Javelin Venture Partners"
" Vesper, a Boston-based electronics startup, has raised $15 million in Series A round of funding led by Accomplice, with participation from Amazon’s Alexa Fund, Hyperplane, and Miraenano Tech"
" Vapogenix, a Houston, Texas-based developer of non-opioid medicine for localized pain, raised $8.2 million in new funding from Pamoja Capital, among other investors"
" eFounders, a Brussels-based “startup studio,” raised $5.3 million (€5 million) in new funding from Nicolas Steegmann, Jean-Daniel Guyot, Clément Benoit, and other investors, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Nectar, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based stealth company building a device for alcohol inventory management, raised $4.55 million in seed funding from Joe Lonsdale, Lior Susan, and the founding family of Modelo Group, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Emanate Wireless, a Cleveland, Ohio-based provider of healthcare IT services, raised $1.5 million in funding from unnamed investors"
" Georgia Oak Partners has made an undisclosed investment in Farm Burger, an Atlanta-based burger chain with locations in Georgia, North Carolina, Alabama, Tennessee and California"
" Harren Equity Partners has recapitalized MedPro Healthcare Staffing, a Sunrise, Fla.-based medical staffing firm. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Admiral Capital Group and Security Properties have sold Waters Edge Apartments, a Kent, Wash.-based 304-unit multifamily property, to an unnamed buyer. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Jeyes Group, a U.K.-based provider of home cleaning products and services backed by Strategic Value Partners, has agreed to sell several home care brands in the U.K. and Ireland, to Henkel, a German company that sells products in the adhesive, beauty, and home care industries. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Spotify, a Stockholm-based music streaming service, has reportedly backed out of talks to acquire SoundCloud, a Berlin-based online music-hosting service, according to TechCrunch. In September, the Financial Times reported that the companies were in advanced acquisition discussions. Read more"
" 3M, the Minnesota-based maker of Scotch tape and Post-it notes, has entered into agreements to sell its identity management business to Gemalto (GTO:EN) an Amsterdam-based digital security company, for $850 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Time Inc. (NYSE:TIME), a New York City-based media company and Fortune’s publisher, has reportedly hired Morgan Stanley and Bank of America to evaluate takeover offers, according to the Wall Street Journal. The company reportedly rejected a bid last month from a group of investors including billionaire Edgar Bronfman Jr., the former CEO of Warner Music, and Ukrainian-born billionaire Len Blavatnik, who bought Warner Music in 2011. Read more"
" Ichor Holdings, a Fremont, Calif.-based company that provides fluid delivery subsystems for semiconductor capital equipment OEMs, raised $53 million by offering 5.9 million shares at $9, below the initial range of $12 to $14. Ichor Holdings plans to list on the Nasdaq under the symbol ICHR. Deutsche Bank and Stifel acted as lead managers on the deal, while RBC Capital Markets, Cowen and Company, and Needham & Company, are serving as bookrunner"
" InnoLight Technology, a Chinese company that manufactures high-speed optical transceivers for data networks, withdrew its plans for an IPO. It originally filed in June 2015 and planned to raise $100 million. InnoLight Technology is backed by Google Capital, Suzhou Oriza Holdings, Lightspeed China Partners, ITC Vision, Hsing Hsien Kung, and Sheng Liu"
" SenesTech, a Flagstaff, Ariz.-based company that commercializes a non-lethal rodent control chemical that lowers rat fertility, raised $15 million by offering 1.9 million shares at $8, below the already lowered $9 to $11 range. It has a market value of $91 million. It originally filed to raise $20 million by offering 2 million shares at the $12 to $14 range, targeting a market cap of $152 million. Roth Capital was the sole bookrunner on the deal"
" Athene Holding, a provider of fixed annuities backed by Apollo Global Management, raised $1.1 billion in an upsized deal by offering 27 million shares at $40, the midpoint of the $38 to $42 range. Athene Holding plans to list on the NYSE under the symbol ATH. Goldman Sachs, Barclays, Citi, Wells Fargo Securities, BofA Merrill Lynch, BMO Capital Markets, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, RBC Capital Markets, BNP Paribas, BTIG, Evercore ISI, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, and UBS Investment Bank acted as lead managers on the deal. Athene Holding is backed by Apollo"
" Meitu Inc, a Chinese app and phone company, will raise $630 millionin its Hong Kong IPO, according to Reuters. The pricing represents the bottom of Meitu’s expected range for the offering, valuing the company at HK$4.88 billion ($629 million). Read more"
" BWAY Corp., an industrial-packaging company owned by Stone Canyon Industries, is discussing the acquisition of Mauser, a maker of containers for consumer goods, for more than $2 billion, according to the Wall Street Journal. Mauser is owned by Clayton Dubilier & Rice. Read more"
" RCP Advisors, a Chicago-based lower mid-market fund-of-funds manager, raised $257 million for its 11th fund, according to an SEC filing. The fund could grow to $400 million at the manager’s discretion"
" Palm Beach Capital raised $49.35 million for its fourth fund, according to an SEC filing. The fund’s target is $150 million"
 Scotiabank and QED Investors will launch a venture capital fund that will invest in Latin American fintech startups. QED Investors will manage the fund while Scotiabank will help with assessing potential investments and provide financing and resources to specific Latin American markets
" Domain Associates, a San Diego, Calif.-based venture capital firm focused on life sciences companies, raised $163 million for its ninth fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Tinder, a dating app owned by Match Group, is launching Swipe Ventures, an investment vehicle that will focus on acquisitions, investments, and other business development within the dating and social networking industry. Tinder co-founder and CEO Sean Rad will lead the fund, trading his current job with Tinder chairman Gregg Blatt. Read more at Fortune"
" Gene Munster, a longtime research analyst at Piper Jaffray, will leave the firm to form Loup Ventures, a venture capital firm focused on virtual reality and artificial intelligence, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
 Gary Parr has joined Apollo Global Management as a senior managing director and co-chair of the firms’ management operating committee. Previously Parr was vice chairman at Lazard
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
The New York Times published a big feature on private equity over the weekend. It takes a slightly lighter touch than certain past magazine covers... A few takeaways:
" We are going to be trying to find new, accessible ways to explain private equity, and why people should care about it, to the average person, forever. This article uses Apollo Global Management and Metropoulos & Company's turnaround of Hostess -- a blockbuster 13x return in four years -- to illustrate the point. It doesn't mention that 13x is not a typical return for a PE firm"
" The article stops short of accusing Apollo of maliciously killing jobs and sucking value out of an organization like a vampire, since Hostess was already bankrupt when Apollo came along. However, it does criticize PE's use of dividends and tax credits, and tiptoes around the awkward pension tension: PE firms often take investments from the very unions whose jobs they may be eliminating"
" Thanks to the big PE IPOs of the last ten years, we actually have some transparency on how much money private equity bosses make. And it's a lot. More than tech CEOs. More than bank CEOs. More than Larry Ellison, who is in a category of his own. I'm not sure how long that will last, though. Every person on this list (except maybe the bottom two) is near retirement; that's why they took their firms public to begin with. I don't see their successors taking home $800 million salaries"
" Hostess has a long history with private equity and with bankruptcy, and it's not over yet. The company didn't fare so well under its prior PE owners, Ripplewood Holdings. (For more background on that, read Fortune's feature on it from 2012.) And now Apollo has passed it off to another firm, Gores Group"
" What's Up With Windrose: A month ago, Term Sheet reported that Windrose Advisors, a Waltham-Mass.-based wealth management firm serving family offices, endowments and foundations, had laid off a portion of its staff, including two key players from its alternatives investment team: Andy Gribbel, a director of the firm’s private equity practice, and Kathleen Kisler. I've since heard from multiple sources that the firm hasn't told its clients about the change, and bizarrely, has added the profiles of the laid off staffers back to its website"
" The New Austerity: The employee perks at Google are legendary, and they’ve always included an over-the-top holiday gift for every employee. In the past, the company has surprised its 70,000 employees with Nexus phones, Android smartwatches, and Chromebooks"
"This year employees speculated they might get Google’s new Pixel phones or a Google Home unit, the company’s competitor to Amazon’s Echo. But they forgot: They don’t work for Google anymore. They work for Alphabet. Instead of a shiny new gadget, Alphabet employees got an email."
"Last week Bloomberg published a bruising story about the new, cost-conscious regime of Alphabet, driven by its corporate re-organization and its ex-Wall Street CFO, Ruth Porat. Shortly after the story hit, employees were informed that their holiday gift this year was a donation to charity, Fortune has learned. Alphabet donated $30 million worth of Chromebooks, phones, and associated tech support to schools on its employees’ behalf."
"Alphabet likely would have spent around the same amount of money on its holiday gifts, so it’s not exactly a cost-saving move. But the decision signals a shift in culture for the company, from perks run amok to responsible corporate citizen. An Alphabet spokeswoman declined to comment."
" Layoff Watch: On Friday I published a round-up of all the startups that have undergone year-end layoffs in recent weeks, including one that wasn't in previous editions of Term Sheet: Delphix, a provider of data visualization software. The company confirmed it off 40 employees, though multiple sources say the total was higher"
"Delphix has raised $119 million from Fidelity Investments, Icon Ventures, Greylock Partners, Summit Partners, Lightspeed Venture Partners, In-Q-Tel, The Kraft Group, and Credit Suisse NEXT Investors."
"In a statement, the company said, “Our refreshed executive team also reflects the evolving market opportunity. With these changes, Delphix is well positioned to continue helping hundreds of the world’s largest organizations become more agile and innovate at greater speed."""
" New Fund Alert: Bill Gates has gathered some bold-faced billionaire names for his new cleantech fund, Breakthrough Energy Ventures Fund. That includes: John Doerr, Jack Ma, Vinod John Arnold, Jeff Bezos, and Hasso Plattner  My colleague Kirsten Korosec has the scoop on the $1 billion vehicle here"
 A business-heavy administratio
 How China is building its global trade empir
 Feature: Inside China's global spending spree by Scott Cendrowsk
 Should America hack back
 Trump's corporate Secretary of State pic
 How two theater geeks turned their passion into a hot startu
 Lloyd Blankfein has made $140 million in the Trump rall
 Why corporate America cheers on Trump despite his threat
 Big pharma's bad week of job cut
 Will anyone from Silicon Valley stand up to Trump
" BlueRock Therapeutics, a Toronto-based regenerative medicine company, raised $225 million in Series A funding from Bayer (DB:BAYN) and Versant Ventures"
" Houseparty, a San Francisco and Tel Aviv-based maker of a group video chat app, raised $50 million in new funding, according to the Wall Street Journal. Sequoia Capital led the round, with participation from existing investors Aleph, Comcast Ventures and Greylock Partners. Houseparty was previously known as Life on Air, the company behind video broadcasting app Meerkat. Read more"
" Dynamic Signal, a San Bruno, Calif.-based provider of workplace communication tools, raised $25 million in new funding from Akkadian Ventures, Microsoft Ventures and Focus Ventures, Trinity Ventures, Venrock, Rembrandt, and Time Warner"
" Pendo, a Raleigh, N.C.-based developer of product engagement software, raised $20 million in Series B funding. Spark Capital led the round, and was joined by Battery Ventures, Contour Venture Partners, Core Capital Partners, IDEA Fund Partners and Salesforce Ventures"
" Tact, a Redwood City, Calif.-based developer of sales automation software for enterprises, raised $15 million in Series B funding. Upfront Ventures led the round, and was joined by Microsoft Ventures, Kevin Efrusy of Accel Partners, and Satish Dharmaraj of Redpoint Ventures"
" QGel, a Lausanne, Switzerland-based biomaterials company developing synthetic gels for 3D in vitro growth of miniature human organs and tumors, raised $12 million in funding"
" ApoGen Biotechnologies, a Seattle-based company that develops drugs for cancer treatment, raised $7 million in Series A funding. Investors include Accelerator Corporation, AbbVie Ventures, Alexandria Venture Investments, ARCH Venture Partners, Eli Lilly and Company, Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC, Watson Fund, WRF Capital, and WuXi PharmaTech"
" Mojio, a Vancouver-based company that builds software for connected cars, raised an additional $7 million in Series A funding, bringing the round's total to $15 million. This item has been corrected to note that Mojio builds software, not hardware"
" Lunar Way, a Danish banking mobile app, raised €4.2 million ($4.4 million) in new funding. SEED Capital Denmark led the round, with participation from a number of unnamed angel investors and Nykredit, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
"Zepl, a data analytics company formerly known as NFLabs, raised $4.1 million in Series A funding. Vertex Ventures led the round, and was joined by Translink Capital, Specialized Types, and Big Basin Capital"
" Blackmore Sensors and Analytics Inc., a Bozeman, Mont.-based developer of Lidar engines, raised $3.5 million in Series A funding. Next Frontier led the round, and was joined by Millennium Technology Value Partners"
" Wallarm, a Menlo Park, Calif. cybersecurity company and Y-Combinator alum, raised $2.3 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Partech Ventures and Gagarin Capital, enterprise security experts, and YC partners. Read more"
" Investoo.com, a London-based online education company that offers Forex, Binary Options and CFD courses, raised $2 million in funding from Optimizer Invest, Kinetic Investments and Right Casino’s Sam Miranda"
" Grab, a Singapore-based ride-hailing company, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Honda, a Japanese automaker, as part of its $750 million Series F series, which was announced in September. Read more at Fortune"
"AnaCap Financial Partners, a London-based private equity firm, has agreed to acquire Barclays’ (LSE:BARC) French retail banking business, according to Reuters. Read more"
"Aden + Anais, a New York City marketer of fabric products for infants and toddlers owned by Swander Pace Capital, has acquired Halo Innovations, a Minnetonka, Minn. manufacturer of wearable blankets for babies. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Blue Wolf Capital Partners, a New York-based private equity firm, has acquired the assets of Extreme Plastics Plus, a Fairmont, W.Va environmental containment company that serves the domestic oil and gas industry. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Vaco Healthcare, a Brentwood, Tenn.-based provider of staffing, consulting, and recruiting services for the biotech and medical industries backed by QUAD-C Management, has acquired Pivot Point Consulting, a Bellevue, Wash.-based healthcare IT consulting company"
Boeing (NYSE:BA) has signed a deal to sell 80 airplanes to Iran for $16.6 billion. Read more at Fortune
" CBS (NYSE:CBS) and Viacom (NASDAQ:VIA) will not go through with their proposed merger, according to CNBC. Shari Redstone, vice chair of the board for both companies, has decided to keep Viacom independent. Read more"
" 21st Century Fox, a New York City-based media company, reached a preliminary deal to acquire full control of Sky, a London-based satellite broadcasting and media company, for (£11.2 billion ($14.1 billion), according to Bloomberg. 21st Century Fox already owns 39% of Sky. Read more"
" Amundi, a French asset manager, has agreed to buy UniCredit’s (BIT:UCG) asset-management division Pioneer Investments for €3.6 billion ($3.8 billion), according to Reuters. Read more"
"Sibanye Gold, a South African producer of gold, has acquired Stillwater Mining, a Billings, Mont.-based miner of platinum and palladium, for $2.2 billion"
" Philips, a Dutch technology company, has agreed to sell an 80% stake in Lumileds, its San Jose, Calif.-based LED components and car lighting business, to Apollo (NYSE:APO) for $1.5 billion in cash in a deal that values the company at $2 billion including debt. Read more at Fortune"
"Teledyne Technologies (NYSE:TDY) has agreed to buy E2V Technologies (LSE:E2V) for £620 million ($780 million) in cash. At 275 pence per, Teledyne’s offer represents a 48% premium on E2V’s closing price on Friday"
" Zurich Insurance Group (SWX:ZURN) has agreed to acquire Cover-More Group (ASX:CVO) for A$741 million ($551.16 million), according to Reuters. Read more"
" Generator Hostels, a London-based youth hostels operator, is readying to sell itself in a deal valued at up to $500 million, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal. Brookfield Asset Management (TSX:BAM.A) and TPG, a Fort Worth, Texas-based private equity firm, are said to be finalists in the bidding process. Read more"
" Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) has agreed to acquire Sistema Plastics, a New Zealand-based  food storage container manufacturer, for NZ$660 million (US$470 million), and Smith Mountain Industries, a Forest, Va.-based home fragrance products company, for $100 million"
" Ve Interactive , a UK ad tech company, has acquired Crave & Lamb, a UK creative agency, for £3 million ($3.8 million), according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" Gores Holdings II, a blank check company formed by The Gores Group, plans to raise up to $375 million in an IPO by offering 37.5 million shares for $10 each, for a total market value of $469 million"
" KKR (NYSE:KKR) is close to reaching a deal to sell Capsugel, a Morristown, N.J.-based drug capsule maker, to Lonza Group AG (SWX:LONN) for $5 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Delivery Hero, a Berlin-based food delivery company, has agreed to acquire fellowBerlin-based meal delivery service, Foodpanda, according to Bloomberg. Both companies are backed by Rocket Internet. Financial terms were not disclosed. Read more"
" Gauge Capital has recapitalized and invested in Infosoft, a Milwaukee, Wis.-based a provider of regulatory compliance and recruitment solutions. Financial terms were not disclosed. As part of the deal, Tom McKelvey, Whitney Bowman and James Jackson of Gauge Capital have joined Infosoft’s board of directors"
" Scottish Equity Partners has sold Skyscanner, a Scotland-based travel search company, to China-based Ctrip, an online travel services provider. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" EQT VI has agreed to acquire Independent Vetcare, the third largest vet services provider in the UK, from private equity firm Summit Partners"
" Apax Partners, a London-based investment firm, has agreed to acquire Apax France and Nordic Capital’s respective stakes in Unilabs, a Switzerland-based medical diagnostics leader. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Platte River Equity, a Denver-based private equity firm, has acquired a majority stake in Tiger-Sul Products, a Shelton, Conn.-based manufacturer of sulphur fertilizers and crop performance products, from H.J. Baker & Bro"
" Bill Gates, billionaire philanthropist and co-founder of Microsoft, raised $1 billion for the Breakthrough Energy Ventures Fund, a new fund that will focus on clean energy. Investors in the fund include John Doerr, Jack Ma, Vinod Khosla, John Arnold, Jeff Bezos, and Hasso Plattner. Read more at Fortune"
" Providence Strategic Growth Capital, an affiliate of Providence Equity Partners, raised $640 million for its second fund, PSG Fund II"
" Adveq, a Zurich-based asset manager investing in private equity, raised €462 million ($490 million) for Adveq Europe VI, its sixth fund that will target primary, secondary and co-investments in the European small buyout segment"
" Bill Maris, the founder and former CEO of GV (formerly Google Ventures), said he’s no longer pursuing a $230 million fund focused on health care called Section 32, according to Recode. Last week, Recode reported that Maris was in the midst of fundraising. Read more"
" KarpReilly, a Greenwich, Conn.-based consumer-focused lower mid-market private equity firm, raised $200 million for its third fund, according to an SEC filing"
" LAUNCHub Ventures, a Sofia, Bulgaria-based seed stage venture firm, has closed its second fund at €18 million ($19.1 million), according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Polychain Capital, a San Francisco-based fund focused on assets that have both an underlying technology and a tradeable asset (like bitcoin), raised a $10 million fund from Andreessen Horowitz, Boost VC, Union Square Ventures, and other undisclosed investors, according to CoinDesk. Read more"
" Jim Kim, a co-founder of venture capital firm Formation 8, has partnered with former Lightbank partner Paul Lee to form a new firm called Builders, according to an SEC filing. The firm plans to raise $200 million for its first fund"
" Microsoft Ventures, Microsoft’s (NasdaqGS:MSFT) venture arm, has launched a fund focused on AI startups. The fund has already invested an undisclosed amount in Element AI, a Montreal-based research lab started by Yoshua Bengio"
 Parker Barrile has joined Norwest Venture Partners as a partner on its venture team
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
We’ve covered a lot of ground since our last feedback column. Here is a selection of your responses:
On the tech industry’s disappointed reaction to the election:
"Jesse writes: As a society, this is what happens when you don't teach future generations how to lose. When you give everyone a trophy for participating and do not declare a winner/loser - you are depriving them of the ability to process losing that will inevitably come at some stage in life."
"Meredith writes: Erin, As a white woman who didn't vote for Hillary, I am sick of being scolded by my peers and strangers alike for my ""betrayal."" But the chastisement that particularly rankles comes from Silicon Valley. As a woman in tech, I would like Silicon Valley to shut-up already about the latent sexism in America and focus on the latent sexism in their companies and board rooms where they have the education to know better and the resources to do better. All politics are local and until they stop celebrating Hillary, Sheryl, Marissa and Meg while promoting man after man after man their actions speak louder than their words. Good for Peter Thiel to brave the sting of the hypocrites to stand up for what he believes in."
On CALPERS and fee transparency:
"Gene writes: VC fees have always seemed too high to me. Portfolio companies create the wealth, and if they do, the team gets about 20%. All of them working full time. The VC shows up for board meetings once a quarter. Plus they have a diversified portfolio of investments. Companies are all-in on one deal. VC success or lack thereof determines whether they can raise their next fund, and stay on the gravy train."
On whether Theranos is disproportionally criticized because Elizabeth Holmes is a woman:
"Kevin writes: If a company is struggling, a female CEO is more likely to be the sole target of the blame compared to their male counterparts. Maybe male CEOs should be held more accountable or maybe public scrutiny should ease up on female CEOs themselves. I'm not personally sure what is best, but gender dynamics are certainly at play in how a company is evaluated."
On Snapchat’s IPO:
"Josh writes: I think people misunderstand how much Snapchat has or hasn't cycled through execs. A lot of the core folks including Imran Khan, Nick Bell, their general counsel, and Timothy Sehn, their VP of Engineering, have been very stable for several years now. We get caught up in the myth (Emily White, Mike Randall came and left quickly) but it’s a lot more stable than people give Snapchat credit for."
On the “pipeline problem” for women on startup boards:
"Gerry writes: I think your section on the lack of diversity on startup boards may have reflected your bias, when you stated that men believe it’s a pipeline issue, while women know it’s unconscious bias."
"My opinion (as a male) is it’s a mix of both, but varies by sector. I certainly do not dismiss unconscious bias as a factor. I’m on the board of a company with strong broadcast media ties. There, we have a female outside board member, in part because the pipeline allowed it. But I’m on the board of a chemical company where the executive pipeline of females is very, very thin."
"My response: To be clear, the First Round Capital State of Startups survey was focused almost entirely on enterprise and consumer tech startups, where there’s plenty of pipeline."
On tech replacing jobs:
"Tony writes: Technology will eventually replace all current jobs. If people still want to do what a machine can do (like driving), then people have not kept pace. Machines taking non-engaging jobs should be a relief, not a negative. Who really misses washing dishes or calculating the same numbers over and over because an assumption changes?"
Adam writes: I think the less-explored issue is about the amorality of the social cost of change - whether tech or economic - as they both have significant political consequences. The challenge for innovation is exacerbated by the lack of acknowledgement of the outcomes. Which engineers - IT and financial - are generally not the most sensitive to or even aware of! Separately I have been surprised at how little coverage there has been on students’ ability to assess information credibility online. Without question it would seem that there will be a legitimate focus to regulate. Perhaps it is not scold/self-loathe but practicality that should prevail?
Vlad says: It sounds like you haven't read The Second Machine Age or Rise of the Robots. You're much too quick to dismiss the possibility that it truly might be different this time. Consider again.
"Consider it reconsidered, Vlad!"
 Luke writes: I appreciated your commentary and insight with regards to this topic. I truly believe that those working in tech (both those at the bottom and those at the top) don’t understand when they realize that a lot of people look at startups with a mixture of skepticism and fear. I have been repeatedly woken up to that fact when I’ve chatted with people outside of the Bay Area and especially those outside of California. I have taken for granted that most people hold my views and that the West Coast POV is very clearly the view which should be championed above all others. It’s led to a barrier in understanding and relating to a significant amount of people and increasing separation with this small geographic region and others.
Jason writes: We’re turning into luddites.
"And one poor word choice on my part, from yesterday’s edition:"
"When referencing the paydays of private equity’s bigwigs, I said “salary” when I should have said “pay.” Steve Schwarzman makes a $350,000 salary, for example, but he took home $800 million last year from carried interest, personal investment profits, and mostly, dividends and distributions, according to the New York Times estimate. Some of you took issue with that."
Ray writes: So someone invests their own money … and then has a good year investing. And so makes a lot of money. Great point.
  4 stocks that could ride China’s global construction boo
  Entrepreneurs take on depressio
"  Fortune's Most Powerful Women podcast interview is with Ginni Rometty, Chairman and CEO of IBM"
  Salesforce believes messaging is the future of CR
  Why on earth are CEOs joining Trump’s cabinet
"  Google, diversity and the bottom lin"
  Bill Gates talked with Donald Trum
  Rex Tillerson’s mixed recor
  Why VCs are giving up on on-deman
…AND ELSEWHERE
"What will you do with your extra second this year? The home office is dying. Tecent seeks Hollywood deals. Automation can create more jobs. Romney got played – is Carly next on the humiliation list? Goodbye, Net Neutrality."
" Jetsmarter, a Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based service for renting private and shared chartered jets, raised $105 million in Series C funding from the Saudi Royal Family, Jay Z, and other investors. The company is now valued at $1.5 billion"
" Iterable, a San Francisco-based marketing software company, raised $23 million in Series B funding. Index Ventures led the round, with participation from CRV and other existing investors"
" Nasuni, a Natick, Mass.-based cloud storage company, raised $17.5 million in Series E funding from Sigma Prime Ventures"
" ApplePie Capital, a San Francisco-based online lender, raised $16.5 million in Series B funding. QED Investors and Fifth Third Capital led the round, with participation from Colchis Capital Management and existing investors Signia Venture Partners, Freestyle Capital, and Ron Suber"
" Truecaller, a Stockholm-based developer of mobile services including caller-ID and spam protection, raised 100 million Swedish Krona ($10.9 million) from Zenith Venture Capital, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" Boatsetter, a Miami-based peer-to-peer boat rental marketplace, raised $13 million in Series A funding. Investors include Great Oaks Venture Capital, Stanford University DAPER Fund, ZG Ventures, Peninsula Ventures, and several angel investors"
" Lygos, a Berkeley, Calif.-based biotech specialty chemicals company, raised $13 million in Series A funding. IA Ventures and OS Fund led the round, with participation from First Round Capital, the Y Combinator Continuity Fund, 50 Years, Vast Ventures, and angel investors"
"  Socure, a New York City-based digital verification company, raised $13 million in funding. Flint Capital led the round, and was joined by Santander InnoVentures and Two Sigma Ventures"
" Clear Labs, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based provider of food analytics for retailers and manufacturers, raised $13 million in Series B funding. Wing VC led the round, with participation from GV, Tencent, Khosla Ventures, and Felicis Ventures"
" Signal Media, a U.K. AI-powered information intelligence company, raised £5.8 million ($7.3 million) in funding from MMC Ventures, Hearst Ventures, Frontline Ventures, Reed Elsevier Ventures and Local Globe"
" Lola, a New York City-based maker of organic tampons and pads, raised $7 million in Series A funding. Spark Capital led the round, and was joined by angel investors including Lena Dunham"
" Solvvy, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based startup that makes machine-learning software to help companies manage customer service, raised $4.5 million in seed funding. True Ventures led the round, with participation from Pear Ventures (formerly Pejman Mar Ventures), Carnegie Mellon University, Signatures Capital, Investment Group of Santa Barbara, and angel investors including Dan Rose and Hamid Barkhordar"
" SupportPay, a Sacramento-based app for managing child support payments and expenses, raised $4.1 million in Series A funding. Fenway Summer Ventures led the round, and was joined by Moneta Ventures and Continental Advisors"
" JumpCrew, a Nashville, Tenn.-based social media marketing company, raised $3.3 million in seed funding. David Pachter led the round, with participation from Jim Caden, Bob Pasker, and David Steinhardt"
" Plato, a San Jose, Calif.-based gaming app, raised $3 million in seed funding from unnamed angel investors"
" BreezoMeter, an Israeli air quality analytics provider, raised $3 million in Series A funding. Phi Square Holdings led the round, and was joined by Entrée Capital, Launchpad Digital Health and SeediL"
" Skupos, a San Francisco-based provider of retail distribution software for the convenience store industry, raised $2.4 million in seed funding. Dynamo Fund led the round with participation from Toba Capital"
" Privacy, a New York City-based developer of payments privacy software, raised $2.2 million in seed funding. Index Ventures led the round, with participation from Rocketship.vc and angel investors"
" Codecheck, a Switzerland-based developer of a smartphone app that provides product descriptions and ingredients when consumers scan items as they shop, raised $1.3 million in funding from Polytech Ecosystem, among other investors"
" Maropost, a Toronto-based developer of email and digital marketing automation software, has secured an undisclosed amount of funding from Elephant and Highland Europe"
" RS Energy Group, backed by Warburg Pincus, has acquired NavPort, a provider of data analytics software for the oil and gas industry. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Ranch Creek Partners has acquired a majority stake in Apposite Technologies, a Los Angeles-based a maker of network simulation products. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Altamont Capital Partners has acquired Maxi Canada, a St-Lin-Laurentides, Qc.-based manufacturer of frozen poultry products. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Contegix, a Saint Louis, Mo.-based cloud computing company backed by Strattam Capital, has acquired Admo.net Web Services, a Kansas City cloud and managed services provider"
" Equistone Partners Europe, a European mid-market private equity firm, has acquired Group of Butchers, a Dutch producer of meat products"
" Finalsite, an East Hartford, Conn.-based developer of educational software backed by Bridge Growth Partners, has acquired School Website, a SaaS-based CMS software provider to schools in the UK"
" H.I.G. Capital, a Miami-based private equity firm, has agreed to buy Lionbridge Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: LIOX) for around $369 million. Lionbridge shareholders will receive $5.75 in cash per share, a 3.2% premium over the company’s Friday close"
" Pace Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ:PACE), a blank-check company backed by private equity firm TPG, has agreed to buy Playa Hotels & Resorts B.V., an Amsterdam-based owner, operator, and developer of resorts. The combined company will be publicly listed with an estimated enterprise value of around $1.75 billion. It will retain the Playa name"
 Anheuser-Busch InBev (ENXTBR:ABI) has agreed to sell five of its European beer brands to Asahi Group Holdings (TSE:2502) for €7.3 billion ($7.8 billion). Read more at Fortune
" Google (NasdaqGS:GOOGL) has acquired Cronologics, a San Mateo, Calif.-based developer of a software platform for smart watches. Financial terms were not disclosed, but Cronologics co-founders Lan Rcohe, Leor Stern, and John Lagerling, all ex-Google employees, will rejoin the company working under its Android Wear division. Read more at Fortune"
" Bow Street, a New York City-based hedge fund, has offered to buy NorthStar Realty Europe Corp (NYSE:NRE) for $13 per share, in a deal valued at about $728 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Cloudflare, a San Francisco-based Internet performance and security company, has acquired Eager Platform, a Cambridge, Mass.-based service for building web applications. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" First Republic Bank, a San Francisco-based bank, has acquired Gradifi, a Boston-based student loan repayment company. Financial terms were not disclosed"
No IPO news today. 
" KKR (NYSE:KKR) and KSL Capital Partners, a Denver-based private equity firm, have agreed to acquire Apple Leisure Group, a Newtown Square, Penn.-based tour operator, from Bain Capital Private Equity. Financial terms were not disclosed. This item has been corrected to state that Bain Capital is the seller and KKR and KSL are the acquirers"
" California Cryobank, a Los Angeles-based  provider of donor sperm and eggs, as well as stem cell services  backed by Longitude Capital and NovaQuest Capital Management, has agreed to acquire Donor Egg Bank USA, a Rockville, Md.-based provider of frozen donor sperm and eggs"
 Apple (NASDQ: AAPL)is considering investing up to $1 billion in SoftBank’s upcoming $100 billion Vision Fund. Read more at Fortune
" Matthew G. Harrison and Seth R. Pearson have been promoted to partners at Wellspring Capital Management, a New York City-based private equity firm. Both were previously principals at the firm"
" Peter Flint is joining NFX Guild, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based early-stage venture capital fund and accelerator program for startups, as managing partner. Flint co-founded Trulia, a San Francisco-based real estate website"
" Jacob Mullins has joined Shasta Ventures, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm, as a principal to lead a new program focused on augmented reality and virtual reality, according to the Wall Street Journal. Mullins co-founded Exitround, a San Francisco-based mergers and acquisitions marketplace. Read more"
" Leonardo DiCaprio has joined the advisory board of Data Point Capital, a Boston-based venture capital firm"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
"Stars, They’re Just Like Us: Yesterday’s Term Sheet included an item about Leonardo DiCaprio joining Boston venture capital firm Data Point Capital as an advisor. Since a few readers asked about it, I got a little more info from Data Point partner Mike Majors…"
"It’s all about deal flow. DiCaprio is joining a team of ten other special advisors that help Data Point Capital source deals and lend the firm their expertise. “He’s obviously iconic as an actor, as an activist and as a social media personality, and we think all of those will bring deal flow to us because of who he is,” Majors says."
"What does DiCaprio get out of this? He is investing in Data Point’s latest fund and doesn’t want to be a passive LP. That’s not unlike Data Point’s other advisory board members. “If they want to invest in our fund, they want to play a role in making it successful,” Majors says."
"Don’t take money from Data Point expecting DiCaprio to join your board or automatically pimp your startup on Twitter. He’ll help startups selectively, at his initiation, and Majors says he doubts he’ll take any board seats."
"This isn’t DiCaprio’s first VC relationship – he’s also involved with a high-profile Bay area firm, but no one will tell me which one…"
"The relationship is set up for multiple funds. “Our hope is we will suck him further into the venture world. This is him dipping his toes into the water at this point,” Majors says."
"Going South: San Diego has the nerve to call itself “America’s Finest City” and the tech industry may be starting to agree. Last week Evernote opened an engineering office in the city. That follows news from earlier this year that Google signed a lease for a San Diego office that will hold up to 300 workers, and Fitbit announced it would open an R&D office in the city. Meanwhile a tipster tells Term Sheet that Amazon has been quietly building an engineering team in San Diego dedicated to AmazonFresh, its grocery delivery service."
"Progress, Kinda: Social + Capital Partnership and The Information this morning released a breakdown of diversity at the top 72 venture capital firms across age, gender, and ethnicity. It focuses on the professionals making investment decisions, excluding operators who may have a partner title. The results are not great, but the progress, while tiny, is better than nothing. Change doesn’t happen on its own, and I am hoping these stats inspire more firms to be part of the change…"
"The number of all-male firms decreased from 60% to 53%. Last year 92% of venture capital investment professionals were men. This year that fell to 89%. It sounds pathetic to call that progress – at this rate we’ll reach parity by 2029 -- but even that shift took conscious effort. More than 23% of new investors added in the last year were women, which represents nearly one in four.The progress on race, on the other hand, was non-existent. Three-quarters of venture investment professionals are White, and there was no improvement to the number of all-White firms (26.4% compared to last year’s 26.8%). Last year, the 72 venture capital firms surveyed added just three Black investment professionals to its ranks for a grand total of seven. It added four Hispanic investment professionals for a total of 11."
"Oof: A few corrections to the yesterday’s deal listings: California Cryobank, which acquired Donor Egg Bank USA, is backed by Longitude Capital and NovaQuest Capital Management; it did not acquire the company from the firms. Bain Capital is selling Apple Leisure to KKR and KSL, not the other way around. And ApplePie Capital, which raised $16.5 million in Series B funding from QED Investors and Fifth Third Capital, is a San Francisco-based online lender for the franchise industry. Term Sheet regrets the errors."
" Privacy, security and Trum"
 The hottest patent area for Google and Apple is … acoustics
" Today Bezos, Safra, Satya, Larry, Eric and Ginny all trek to Trump Tower"
 Elsewhere in sentences I never thought I’d write: Travis Kalanick and Elon Musk have joined Steve Schwartzman’s strategic policy forum
Parsing the Fed.
…AND ELSEWHERE 
The most consequential typo of the year. “Straw man” is the new “crazy idea.” Self-driving Uber. Self-driving Waymo.
" Symphony, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based secure communications platform used by the largest financial institutions on Wall Street, is raising up to $200 million at a pre-money valuation over $1 billion, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Survios, a Los Angeles-based virtual reality studio, raised $50 million in new funding in two financing rounds. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) led one of the round, and as part of the deal, MGM chairman and CEO Gary Barber is joining Survios’ board of directors. Lux Capital led an earlier round, with participation from Shasta Ventures, Danhua Capital, Shanda Holdings, Felicis Ventures, and Dentsu Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" BlueVine, a Redwood City, Calif.-based online provider of financing to small businesses, raised $48 million in Series D funding from existing investors Lightspeed Venture Partners, Menlo Ventures, 83North, Citi Ventures, Rakuten FinTech Fund, and Silicon Valley Bank"
" Tripping.com, a San Francisco-based search engine for vacation homes and short-term rentals, raised $35 million in Series C funding from an international group of investors led by Princeville Global"
" Conversica, a Foster City, Calif.-based developer of automated artificial intelligence-based sales conversion management software, raised $34 million in Series B funding. Providence Strategic Growth Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by Toba Capital, Wellington Financial LP and Recruit Holdings Co., Kennet Partners, and founder Ben Brigham"
" Managed by Q, a New York City-based provider of handyman for office cleaning and maintenance, raised $30.5 million in funding, according to an SEC filing"
" EcoVadis, a Paris-based platform for environmental, social and ethical performance ratings for global supply chains, raised €30 million ($31.9 million) in funding. Partech Ventures led the round"
" Stash, a New York City-based mobile app for investing, raised $25 million in Series B funding. Valar Ventures led the round, with participation from Breyer Capital, Goodwater Capital, and Entrée Capital"
" Inkling, a San Francisco-based provider of mobile communication tools for remote workers, raised $25 million in Series E funding. Sapphire Ventures led the round, with participation from existing investors Sequoia Capital and Tenaya Capital. As part of the deal, Sapphire Ventures CEO and managing director Nino Marakovic is joining Inkling’s board of directors"
" ObservePoint, a Provo, Utah-based provider of data quality assurance for digital marketing tools, raised $19 million in Series B funding. Mercato Partners and Pelion Venture Partners led the round. As part of the deal, Mercato principal Ryan Sanders is ObservePoint’s board of directors"
" Splash, a New York City developer of event marketing automation software, raised $7 million in Series B funding. Ascent Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Spark Capital and Lerer Hippeau Ventures"
" Amcure, a German biopharmaceutical company developing cancer therapeutics, raised €6 million ($6.39 million) in Series B funding. LBBW Venture Capital led the round, and was joined by KfW, MBG Mittelstaendische Beteiligungsgesellschaft Baden-Wuerttemberg, S-Kap Unternehmensbeteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, and private investors"
" STRIVR Labs, a Palo Alto developer of virtual reality training software for athletes, raised $5 million in Series A funding. Signia Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Shari Redstone’s AdvancIt Capital, BMW i Ventures, Presence Capital and private investors"
" ncgCARE, a Richmond, Va.-based provider of mental health services, raised $5 million in funding from NewSpring Capital"
" Suiteness, an Oakland, Calif.-based online booking service for exclusive luxury and apartment-style hotel suites, raised $5 million in Series A funding. Bullpen Capital and Global Founders Capital co-led the round, with participation from HVF, YC's Continuity Fund, Kima Ventures, Altair Capital, and other investors. As part of the deal, Bullpen Capital managing partner Eric Weisen is joining Suiteness’ board of directors"
" Knowmail, an Israeli startup using AI to help employees manage email, raised $3.5 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. CE Ventures led the round, and was joined by AfterDox, Plus Ventures, 2B Angels, INE Ventures, and unnamed private investors. Read more"
" Boom, a Redwood City, Calif.-based maker of 3D streaming software for video games, raised $3.5 million in seed funding from First Round Capital, Tandem Capital, Crosscut Ventures, Betaworks, Boost VC, BITKRAFT eSports Ventures, and angel investors, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Seaters, a New York City-based provider of marketing technology tools for large event organizers, raised $3 million from Michel Akkermans, Chris Burggraeve, and Albatros Invest LTD"
" Codementor, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based marketplace for software developers, raised $1.6 million in funding. WI Harper led the round"
" EyeCam, a San Francisco-based maker of wearable computing devices and apps, raised $1.5 million in financing via equity crowdfunding site Crowdfunder"
" Coolfire Solutions, a St. Louis-based maker of software for the defense, military and intelligence communities, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Clayton Venture Group, the venture capital arm of car rental company Enterprise Holdings"
" Neustar, Inc. (NYSE:NSR) has agreed to be acquired by a private investment group led by Golden Gate Capital in a deal valued at around $2.9 billion, including debt. Neustar shareholders will receive $33.50 per share in cash, a 21.2% premium to the stock's Tuesday close"
"Equistone Partners Europe Limited has invested in T.O.M. Vehicle Rental, a UK company that provides vehicle rental and sales services. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Vance Street Capital portfolio company A&E Medical Corporation, a cardiovascular medical device manufacturer based in Farmingdale, N.J., agreed to acquire Medical Concepts Europe, a Netherlands-based provider of bi-polar, quad-polar and mono-polar temporary pacing wires. Terms were not disclosed"
" Tatts Group (ASX:TTS), an Australian lottery operator, has received an offer from a group that includes includes KKR (NYSE:KKR) and Macquarie Group (ASX:MQG) to buy the company for up to A$7.3 billion ($5.47 billion), according to Reuters. Read more"
" The Hilb Group, backed by ABRY Partners, has acquired Endeavor Insurance Services, a Greenville, S.C.-based company that provides group health and employee benefits. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"All Metro Health Care, backed by One Equity Partners, has acquired Multicultural Home Care, a Lynn, Massachusetts-based provider of home healthcare services. Financial terms were not disclosed"
Monsanto (NYSE:MON) shareholders have approved Bayer AG’s (DB:BAYN) $66 billion takeover bid. Read more at Fortune
"anofi (ENXTPA:SAN) is in discussions to acquire Actelion (SWX:ATLN)   following the company’s rejection of a takeover bid from Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). Read more at Fortune. This item has been corrected to say that Sanofi is acquiring Actelion, not the other way around"
" Burford Capital Limited is acquiring rival litigation funding company Gerchen Keller Capital for $160 million, according to The New York Times. Read more"
 Alaska Air Group (NYSE:ALK) has completed its $2.6 billion takeover of Virgin America (NASDAQ: VA)
" Kinderhook Industries, a New York City-based private equity firm, has recapitalized NitroFill, a Pompano Beach, Fla.-based nitrogen tire inflation product manufacturer. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"WildHorse Resource Development (NYSE:WRD) raised $413 million in its IPO. The Houston, Texas-based oil and natural gas company priced 27.5 million shares at $15 per share, below its expected range of $19 to $21"
" China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SEHK:386) is considering a Hong Kong IPO for its retail business, according to Bloomberg. The offering could raise as much as $10 billion. Read more."
"Caleres (NYSE:CAL) has acquired Allen Edmonds, a Port Washington, Wis.-based men's footwear and clothing manufacturer, from Brentwood Associates for $255 million"
" Pitango Venture Capital, a Tel Aviv-based venture capital firm, plans to raise $175 million for its seventh fund, which will focus on IT and life sciences, according to TechCrunch. Read more."
" The Inova Health System, a Falls Church, Va.-based nonprofit health care provider, has launched Inova Strategic Investments, which will invest in healthcare venture funds as well as directly into companies. The company is also launching Inova Personalized Health Accelerator, which will accept six to eight companies per year, and provide education and funding. Hooks Johnston and Peter Jobse have been named managing directors of these two vehicles."
"Phil Olson has joined Waud Capital Partners, a Chicago-based growth-oriented lower middle-market private equity firm, as principal of business development. Previously, he served as a managing director at William Blair & Co"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
"Yesterday the Titans of Tech met with Trump, drank his Trump-branded water, rode his Trump-gold elevator. A few notes for those of you that didn’t spend the afternoon refreshing Twitter for new photos of CEOs looking miserable:"
"Some thought, given many tech leaders’ vocal opposition to Trump, that this would go down like his closed-door evisceration of the media elite. But instead Trump went in for the charm and offered his help.But not without one subtle twist of the knife: “Right now everybody in this room has to like me at least a little bit,” he said, taking credit for the recent stock market bump. That incredible sentence was four things at once: A power play (he is President-Elect, they’re merely CEOs), a subtle dig (the market bounce hasn’t affected most of the tech companies there), an expression of values (celebrating short-term stock movements over long term growth), and a risk (if you take credit for the market going up, get ready to take blame when it goes back down).Twitter was excluded, officially because it was too small, unofficially because of some petty flap over an emoji. This entire event was supposedly about jobs, so it’s fair to exclude Twitter, which only employs around 3860 people. (Compare that to, say, Cisco or Alphabet’s approximately 70,000.) But that’s still more than the latest available headcount on the only privately held company represented: Palantir and its CEO Alex Karp. Yes, Palantir’s $20 billion paper valuation is higher than Twitter’s market cap, but this was clearly Peter Theil playing favorites.That favoritism pales in comparison to the people who truly should not have been there: Trump’s children, who will supposedly control his business in a blind trust, and his son-on-law, who got a prime seat in the middle of the table.Since the tech titans refused to talk to the press on their way in and out, we were left with Trump’s prepared remarks and a bunch of miserable-looking photos. (Jeff Bezos and Safra Catz at least put out official statements.) I’m wondering if they were hoping their critical employees and disappointed industry peers might let them off the hook if they telegraphed exactly how much they hated this with their eyes."
"Layoff watch: Iron.io has laid off 18 of its 56 employees, the company confirmed to Term Sheet. “We reduced headcount to focus on a new business model but company is alive and strong with over 400 customers and almost cash flow breakeven,” said CEO Chad Arimura."
"Iron.io is a San Francisco-based provider of an open-sourced serverless computing platform. The company has raised $17 million in funding from Baseline Ventures, Bain Capital, Sapphire Ventures, Right Ventures, Ignition Partners, Divergent Ventures, and Cloud Capital Partners."
"Uh-oh: The Yahoo and Verizon deal could very well fall apart. Deal negotiations were re-opened earlier this year when Yahoo revealed 500 million accounts were hacked. It’s not clear whether management knew and failed to disclose it to potential buyers during diligence. Verizon can obviously use this to negotiate a lower price, but nobody seemed to think it jeopardized the deal actually happening. (The initial rumors were that Verizon’s side tried to knock $1 billion off the $4.8 billion price, but would likely land on something closer to $100 million.)"
But yesterday Yahoo revealed the hacking was far worse: A billion more accounts were compromised. Verizon’s official line is that it “will review” the situation. Yahoo’s official line is “uh-oh.”
"Quiz time: As the year winds down, it’s time to clean out Term Sheet’s tip jar. But I need some audience participation to do so. Here’s the first clue:"
Which e-commerce startup is nearing a deal to sell itself after months of trying to raise a new round?
"P.S. Leo’s other venture fund was obvious. As in, Obvious Ventures."
 Yellen not going anywhere
 Can the rate hike save the economy from Trump-flation
 How autonomy fooled H-
 How traders are trying to guess Trump’s next Twitter target
 The first fruits of Trump’s industrial polic
 Uber’s self-driving car ran a red light
 Facebook’s ‘not a media company’ claim getting harder to swallo
…AND ELSEWHERE
"There are plenty of jobs out there, America. MAC attacks are back! Cash still rules everything around us. The Chinese middle class is fueling Brooklyn gentrification."
" Logicworks, a New York City-based cloud automation and managed services provider, raised $135 million from Pamplona Capital"
" Hopper, a Cambridge, Mass.-based maker of a mobile app that analyzes and predicts airfare, raised $82 million CAD ($61.6 million) in Series C funding. Caisse de Dépôt et Placement du Québec led the round, with participation from BDC, Capital IT Venture Fund, and existing investors Brightspark Ventures, Accomplice, OMERS, and Investissement Québec"
" Next Entertainment, a Beijing-based video technology company, raised $25 million in new funding from FunPlus, Inke, GSR Ventures, Mayfield, and Signia Venture Partners, according to VentureBeat. Read more. This item has been corrected to say Next Entertainment is located in Beijing"
" Goldfinch Bio, a Cambridge, Mass.-based company focused on discovering and developing precision therapies for patients with kidney disease, raised $55 million in Series A funding from Third Rock Ventures"
"  BillFront, a London-based financial technology company that helps digital media businesses access their media revenues, raised $35 million in debt and equity. Investors include 4Finance, NIBC Bank and FinLeap"
" Amino Apps, a New York-based startup behind more than 250,000 niche communities centered on interests ranging from Pokémon to K-Pop, raised $19.2 million in Series B funding. Investors include GV, Venrock, Union Square Ventures, Time Warner Investments, Goodwater Capital, and Box Group. Read more at Fortune"
" Hippo, a Mountain View, Calif.-based company that provides home insurance, raised $14 million in Series A funding. Horizons Ventures led the round, with participation from RPM Ventures, Propel Venture Partners, GGV Capital, Pipeline Capital, and other investors"
" Ynsect, a French company that specializes in breeding insects, raised $15.2 million in Series B funding. Future Positive Capital and Bpifrance Ecotechnologies led the round, with participation from existing investors Emertec, Demeter, Vis Vires New Protein Capital, and Business Angels"
" Springbot, an Atlanta-based ecommerce marketing platform, raised $10 million in Series B funding. Harbert Growth Partners led the round, and was joined by Tech Operators and TTV Capital"
" Kreditech, a German online lender that builds credit histories using data analytics, raised $10 million from Rakuten, a Japanese e-commerce company, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Ember Technologies, a Westlake Village, Calif.-based maker of a container for hot beverages, raised $8.5 million in funding from Demi Lovato, Joe Jonas, Nick Jonas, and other entertainers and professional athletes"
" Traxo, a Dallas-based traveler data aggregator, raised $5.2 million in Series B funding. TripAdvisor led the round, with participation from Aristos Ventures and existing investors Thayer Ventures, Advantage Capital Partners, and Silver Creek Ventures"
" Tilt Biotherapeutics, a Helsinki-based company developing cancer treatments, raised $4.3 million in funding from Lifeline Ventures Ltd, the Finnish Funding Agency for Technology and Innovation, and the European Commission"
" Stonestep, a Swiss insurance technology company, raised $4 million in Series A funding from XL Innovate"
" Healthcare Asset Network, a Prospect, Ky.-based platform for buying and selling medical supplies and surgical equipment, raised $3 million in funding. Investors include Kentucky Science & Technology Corporation and Tamarind Hill"
" Alinto, a French email software provider, raised €2.3 million ($2.4 million) from Cic Lyonnaise De Banque and has acquired Cleanmail, a Swiss spam filtering company"
" Maxwell Financial Labs, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based platform that connects home buyers, agents, and lenders, raised $1.95 million in funding from MATH Venture Partners, Techstars Ventures, Zelkova Ventures and Sovereign's Capital"
" Growth Capital Ventures, a London-based platform that connects entrepreneurs with investors, raised £1.1 million ($1.4 million) in funding from Maven Capital Partners"
" Jooxter, a French service for booking offices and conference rooms, raised €1 million ($1.04 million) in funding from Newfund, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" SAXX Underwear, a Vancouver-based maker of men’s premium underwear, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Brentwood Associates"
" Chappy, a U.K.-based dating app for gay men, raised an undisclosed amount of seed funding from Bumble, a U.S. dating app, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" SwissPay, a Swiss company that helps news publishers monetize their content by selling access to individual articles, raised funding from Polytech Ecosystem Ventures and Edipresse Group"
" Luminance, a London-based provider of document analytics software for the legal industry, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Talis Capital"
"Hygiena, backed by Warburg Pincus, will acquire the global food safety diagnostics business of DuPont, a Wilmington, Del.-based chemical manufacturer. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Mercer Advisors, backed by Genstar Capital, has acquired Fabian Wealth Strategies, a Costa Mesa, Calif.-based registered investment advisory firm. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Benford Capital Partners has acquired Droplet Measurement Technologies, a Boulder, Colo.-based manufacturer of scientific cloud and aerosol particle measurement instruments"
"Draper Esprit (AIM:GROW) has invested £8 million ($10 million) in Clavis Insight, a Dublin-based online and ecommerce analytics company"
" The Jordan Company, a New York City-based private equity firm, has agreed to buy industrial company Vectra Co.’s Borchers business division. Terms were not disclosed"
" Cortec Group, a New York City-based private equity firm, has recapitalized The Eye Academy of America, a Denver, Colo.-based operator of ophthalmology clinics and ambulatory surgery centers. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed"
" Bain Capital Private Equity has agreed to acquire Innocor Inc., a Red Bank, N.J.-based manufacturer of foam products for commercial and retail channels, from Sun Capital Partners. Terms were not disclosed"
" Aircraft Technical Publishers, owned by private equity firm ParkerGale Capital, has acquired CaseBank Technologies, a Toronto-based provider of diagnostic, troubleshooting, and fault detection solutions for the aviation, aerospace and defense industries"
" Liberty Media Corp plans to raise $1.55 billion to fund its acquisition of Formula One racing car series. Investors including Coatue Management, D. E. Shaw, and Jana Partners have committed to purchase some of Liberty's Series C common stock at $25 per share"
" General Electric (NYSE:GE) said it will raise $4 billion by selling its two smallest industrial units, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" Grifols SA (BME:GRF) has agreed to buy Hologic Inc.'s (NasdaqGS:HOLX) stake in the two company’s shared blood screening business for $1.85 billion in cash, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Lufthansa (DB:LHA) has agreed to purchase the 55% stake in Brussels Airlines it doesn’t already own for €2.6 million ($2.8 million) from SN Airholding, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Twenty-First Century Fox (NasdaqGS:FOXA) has made a $14.6 billion bid to buy the 61% of Sky (LSE:SKY) it doesn’t already own. At £10.75 ($13.4) pounds per share, the offer represents around a 40% premium on the stock’s closing price the day before the initial proposal was announced. Read more at Fortune"
" Meitu, a Chinese maker of a smartphone app for editing selfies, raised $629 million in an Hong Kong initial public offering that valued the company at $4.6 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Keane Group, a Houston, Texas-based provider of services for the hydraulic fracturing industry, is seeking to raise up to $288 million in an initial public offering. It plans to trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol FRAC"
" KKR (NYSE:KKR) has sold Capsugel, a Morristown, N.J.-based drug capsule maker, to Lonza Group AG (SWX:LONN) for $5.5 billion in cash. Read more at Fortune"
" Just Eat (LSE:JE.), in two separate deals, has agreed to acquire SkipTheDishes, a Canadian food delivery startup, and Hungry House, online food ordering platform Delivery Hero’s U.K. business, according to the Telegraph. It will pay £66.1 million ($82 million) for SkipTheDishes, which raised an undisclosed amount in funding from investors including Founder Collective and FJ Lab. And it has agreed to pay up to £240 million ($300 million) for Hungry House. Read more"
" Warburg Pincus, a New York City-based private equity firm, raised $2 billion for Warburg Pincus China, its first fund dedicated to making investments in China"
" HGGC, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based  private equity firm, raised $1.84 billion for its third fund, HGGC Fund III"
 Flagship Ventures changed its name to Flagship Pioneering. The firm also announced it raised $285 million for a follow-on capital fund
" Alven Capital, a Paris-based early-stage venture capital firm, raised €250 million ($260.3 million) for its fifth fund"
" RiverVest Venture Partners, a St. Louis, Mo.-based venture capital firm focused on life sciences companies, raised $15 million for its new Archer Seed Fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Kevin Zhang has been promoted to partner at Upfront Ventures, a Los Angeles-based venture capital firm. Zhang joined the firm in 2012 as an associate"
" Sapphire Ventures has promoted four of its colleagues: Rajeev Dham, who joined the firm in 2013, is now a principal; Phil Orr, who joined in 2015, is now a senior associate; Shruti Tournatory, who joined in 2014, is now VP of market development; and Laura Moir, who joined in 2015, is now a marketing manager"
" Norwest Equity Partners has made a series of promotions: Taylor Moore and Jason Sondell are now principals, Emma Gergen is now a director, and Brandon Ressler is now an assistant controller"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
"No column today, as I’m wrapping up some magazine duties. Today’s links section is extra-long to tide you over. Have a great weekend."
 Verizon asking for “major concessions” after Yahoo hack
" La Guardia, still the worst"
 Layoffs at UBS
 GM testing self-driving cars in Michigan. Verizon’s plan for more media deals
 Behind Sky-Fox
 Breaking the Dow record
 The secrets of compulsion
 Spain to ditch the siesta
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Palantir shares are up thanks to Trump. Github is spending a lot of money. Flipagram for sale. What was said in the Trump meeting, and Safra joins the transition team. Turmoil at Faraday Future."
A Roomba for your lawn. The Obama economy’s unfinished business. Amazon secretly building a self-driving trucking app. The 72-year-old cybersecurity “whiz kid.”
Banking beyond M&A. “Recessions are therapeutic.” American Idol lenders sue Apollo. Oreo buyout? 3G Capital’s buying mood. The problem with AI hype. Stress-tracker stress. The right to complain on Yelp. That Vanity Fair review.
" Memebox, a San Francisco-based e-commerce company focused on Korean cosmetics, raised $60 million in a Series C extension from existing investors Goodwater Capital, Altos Ventures, Cowboy Ventures, Mousse Partners, Formation Group, Funders Club, Pear Ventures, Cota Capital, and Janet Gurwitch, among others"
" Databricks, a San Francisco-based provider of software for big data processing, raised $60 million in Series C funding. New Enterprise Associates led the round, with participation from existing investor Andreessen Horowitz"
" Personal Capital, a San Francisco digital wealth management firm, raised an additional $25 million in Series E funding from IGM Financial, closing the round at $75 million"
" One, a Folsom, Calif. provider of cloud-based software for insurance companies, raised $20 million in Series B funding. AXA Strategic Ventures led the round, with participation from MassMutual Ventures and current investor H&Q Asia Pacific"
" Cota, a New York City-based healthcare informatics and analytics company, raised $18 million in new funding from Boston Millennia Partners and other investors. As part of the deal, Boston Millennia Partners partner A. Dana Callow Jr. is joining Cota’s board of directors"
" HyperScience, a New York City-based company developing artificial intelligence technology for data entry and processing, raised $18 million in Series A funding from FirstMark Capital and Felicis Ventures"
" EverCompliant, an Israeli cyber intelligence company, raised $9.5 million in new funding round, according to Reuters. Arbor Ventures led the round, with participation from existing investors Carmel Ventures, StarFarm Ventures, and Nyca Partners. Read more"
" Wyre, a San Francisco-based money transfer company, raised $5.8 million in Series A funding. Amphora Capital led the round, with participation from Digital Currency Group, Draper Associates, and other investors"
" BrainCo, a Somerville, Mass.-based company specializing in wearable devices that help people improve their attention level and working efficiency, raised $5.5 million in new funding. Boston Angel Club, Han Tan Capital, and Wandai Capital led the round"
" Oncorus, a Cambridge, Mass.-based biotech company developing cancer treatments, raised $4 million from Astellas Venture Management in additional Series A funding"
" ExplainEverything, a Polish company building collaboration tools for students and teachers on tablets, raised $3.7 million in funding from Credo, RTA, and NEV, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Jumptastic, a U.K. trampoline park company, raised £3 million ($3.7 million) in funding from Calculus Capital"
" Grab Green, a Camarillo, Calif.-based provider of eco-friendly household products, raised $2.5 million in new funding from Stoneway Capital"
" Leasify, a Swedish website for comparing leases on anything, raised €1.5 million ($1.6 million) in funding from SEB Ventures, NFT Ventures, and Daniel Andersson, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" Flo, a San Francisco-based menstrual cycle tracking app, raised $1 million in seed funding. Flint Capital led the round, with participation from the Haxus Venture Fund"
" FlixBus, a Munich-based travel technology company, has raised a financing of undisclosed size from Silver Lake, alongside existing investors General Atlantic, Holtzbrinck Ventures and Daimler"
" iCapital Network, a New York City-based platform that connects investors with private equity fund managers, raised an undisclosed amount of funding. BlackRock (NYSE: BLK) led the round"
" General Atlantic has acquired a majority stake in Hemnet, a Swedish online platform for real estate classifieds"
" Kieffer Holding Co., a Lincolnshire, Ill.-based company that manufactures and installs signs backed by Northstar Capital, has acquired Starlite Sign, a Denton, Texas-based manufacturer of electric signs. The deal value was not set"
" ideaForge, a Mumbai-based startup developing compact drones, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Infosys (NSEI:INFY), according to Quartz. Read more"
" Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is attempting to negotiate better terms in its acquisition of Yahoo’s (NasdaqGS:YHOO) core internet business, following revelations that a data breach affected more than 1 billion of the company’s users. Verizon agreed to purchase Yahoo’s internet business for $4.8 billion in July. Read more at Fortune"
" Trivago, a Dusseldorf, Germany-based hotel search aggregator held by Expedia (NasdaqGS:EXPE), raised $287 million in its IPO. The company priced 26.1 million depositary shares at $11, below its expected range of $13 to $15. It will trade on the Nasdaq under the symbol TRVG. Read more at Fortune"
" Unilever (LSE:ULVR) has agreed to acquire Living Proof, a Cambridge, Mass.-based manufacturer of hair care products. Living Proof raised $53 million from investors including Polaris Partners"
" Salesforce has acquired a Twin Prime, a Redwood City, Calif.-based startup that helps improve the performance of mobile apps. Twin Prime raised $9.5 million from investors including Draper Fisher Jurvetson, Milliways Ventures, and True Ventures. Terms were not disclosed"
" Placemeter, a New York City-based urban intelligence platform, has been acquired by Netgear Arlo, a maker of smart home products. Placemeter raised $9.4 million from investors including New Enterprise Associates and Techstars"
"Global Logistic Properties (SGX:MC0) has established a $1.5 billion U.S. fund aimed at buying U.S. logistic assets, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" SJF Ventures, a Durham, N.C.-based venture capital firm, raised $125 million for its fourth fund"
" GenBridge Capital, a new venture capital firm registered in the Caymen Islands, has set out to raise $500 million for its first fund, according to an SEC filing"
" NextView Ventures, a Boston-based seed-stage venture capital firm, plans to raise $50 million for its third fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Kimberley J. Kaplan-Gross has joined Choate, Hall & Stewart as a partner in the private equity department. She was previously at Cooley where she founded the Boston office’s fund formation practice and was a partner"
 Fabio Villegas has joined General Atlantic as a special advisor to the firm’s operations in Colombia. Villegas is the former chief executive officer and current president of Decameron
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
"Today I’m sharing highlights from your answers to the question, “What's your top business-related prediction for 2017?”"
IPOs: Term Sheet readers predict more IPOs in 2017. Why? 
 Because “funding valuations will come down.
 Because “Dodd/Frank and tax law will change. The alimentary canal that is plugged right now will release.
" Because “the Snap IPO will be oversubscribed and wildly successful, leading to increased confidence in public markets (read: 'irrational exuberance')."
Israel Klein of Roberti Global offered the only contrarian prediction of a “record low” number of IPOs.
MARKETS: Readers don’t expect the Trump rally to last. Why?
 Because “macro realities will prove more meaningful than Trump’s antics with individual companies and the un-fulfill-able promise of lower taxes.
" Because “most sectors are hugely overvalued, especially in the context of the current global growth environment and continuing political uncertainty."
" Because of “‘buy on the rumor, sell on the fact.’ The market will decline once Trump takes office."
Gerry Langeler of OVP Venture Partners wrote: “The ‘Trump rally’ will dissipate into ‘Trump reality.’”
M&A: Readers predict increased consolidation and more exits. Why?
 Because “the bigger companies are building up their talent and tech armories to compete with established and soon-to-IPO companies.
 Because “corporations will buy innovation.
 Because “small and mid-cap tech and healthcare are low hanging fruit acquisition targets for repatriated monies in the next two to three years.
 Because of “a deluge of foreign M&A led by Chinese investment/purchase of traditional US companies.
 Because we’ll see “more large pharma M&A and asset swaps.
 Because “Trump's regulatory policies means fewer mergers will be killed on anti-trust grounds.
 Because “monster-sized startup M&A continues to skyrocket.
"Penry Price, VP of Marketing Solutions at LinkedIn, expects consolidation in marketing as companies elect to use fewer vendors. Tim Chen, the founder and CEO of NerdWallet, predicts acquisitions and partnerships between Wall Street and the Silicon Valley will heat up."
Plus a two very specific M&A predictions:
  “Netflix gets acquired.
"  “Sprint and SoftBank make another play for T-Mobile, and Charter Communications will engage in a bidding war for it."
FIRMS + FUNDS: Readers expect limited partners to become more conservative and take a more active role.
  “Public equity portfolio managers will migrate from ‘growth-seeker’ to ‘asset protector’ mode.
  “Family offices will begin filling the early stage funding gap.
  “More LPs will set up separate vehicles to invest alongside their funds or bring more investing in-house as a whole.
"Michael David of Bridge Bank/Western Alliance Bancorp expects existing portfolios to become more concentrated, with on follow-on investments outweighing new ones, and an increased interest in “end-of-life” facilities for mature funds."
WEED: Readers predict a dealmaking boom in the marijuana industry.
  “It's a generational opportunity that’s going mainstream.
  “The Cannabis tech M&A market will cross over into the traditional tech M&A market.
"STARTUPS: Readers predict a pullback: Industry-wide layoffs, more financial discipline, and a commercial real estate crash in San Francisco."
"  “When Uber is pushed to go public after Snap, investors will realize how hard the revenue situation really is in unicorns."
  “More emphasis on growing cash-flow optimization in mid- to late-stage venture market to protect for 'the cataclysmic event.'
"  “Early stage investors will become more conservative ('academic') about valuations, but will be more focused on 'the Consumer Discretionary Upstart du Jour.'"
"CORPORATE: Readers predict transparency, bankruptcies."
  “Three or more publicly traded retailers will go out of business or file for bankruptcy.
  “Americans will ask more and more of the companies we support to find out where they stand on certain issues. If I were an executive of a public company I would be concerned of some past decision or endorsement coming back to haunt me.
George Corugedo of RedPoint Global predicts that “data literacy” will be the new buzzword in the boardroom. BJ Lackland of Lighter Capital predicts that access to “unbiased alternative funding” for businesses will become more important than ever.
"More To Come: Thanks to everyone who sent in answers. Later this week, I’ll share your most interesting macro and technology predictions, as well as your one-word descriptions of the next four years, which were, in a word, terrific."
 Elon Musk’s next venture
 Waymo minivans
 IPOs just had their second-worse year since 1992
 Fighting short-termism
" Mark Cuban, Donald Trump, and robotics"
 Apple’s record tax bill
…AND ELSEWHERE
"A clash at the top of Tata. Women now make up the majority of law school students. How Pebble fell apart. Alphabet’s AI plans, and the great AI awakening. Soylent reformulated. Snapchat plays hard-to-get. Follow the pills. The latest post-truth. The flight that drank all the booze. On the Road for kids. Odwalla’s founder is back with a nut milk business."
" OneWeb, an Arlington, Va.-based company developing a network of satellites to provide affordable Internet access, raised $1.2 billion. SoftBank Group Corp. (TSE:9984) contributed $1 billion, with the remaining $200 million coming from existing investors. Read more at Fortune"
" Careem, a Dubai-based ride-hailing company, raised $350 million in new funding. Rakuten and Saudi Telecom Co. led the investment round, which values Careem at more than $1 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Airbnb, a San Francisco-based home-sharing company, authorized the sale of an additional $153 million in equity, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Lumus, an Israeli developer of augmented reality wearable displays, raised $30 million in funding. Investors include HTC and Quanta Computer"
" NoBroker, a Bangalore-based real estate marketplace, raised $7 million in new funding, according to TechCrunch. KTB Ventures led the round, with participation from existing backers SAIF Partners, Beenext, and Digital Garage. Read more"
" G2 Crowd, a Chicago-based provider of business software reviews, raised $4.3 million in new funding, according to an SEC filing"
" Dragonera, an Israeli AI-powered software development platform, raised $3 million in seed funding, according to Tech.eu. Singulariteam led the round. Read more"
" VictorOps, a Boulder, Colo.-based maker of real-time IT incident management software, raised an additional $2.8 million in Series B funding from undisclosed investors, which brings the round to $15 million"
" Erco Energía SAS, a Colombian engineering, procurement and construction firm, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from FCP Innovacion and Innova Capital Partners"
" Onex Corp (TSX:ONEX) has agreed to buy Parkdean Resorts, a U.K. caravan holiday parks operator, for £1.35 billion ($1.7 billion), according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Lightyear Capital has agreed to sell RidgeWorth Holdings, the holding company for asset manager RidgeWorth Capital Management, to Virtus Investment Partners (NasdaqGS:VRTS) for $472 million "
" Exponent Private Equity has acquired Leisure Pass, a London-based city attraction sightseeing company, from Primary Capital. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Littlejohn & Co., a Greenwich, Conn.-based private equity firm, has agreed to acquire Brown Jordan International, a St. Augustine, Fla.-based manufacturer of indoor and outdoor furniture. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Odyssey Investment Partners, a New York City-based private equity firm, has invested an undisclosed amount in Addison Group, a Chicago-based professional staffing firm"
" Confie, a Huntington Beach, Calif.-based personal and commercial insurance provider backed by ARBY Partners, has acquired Oasis Insurance, a Mesa, Ariz.-based provider of non-standard auto insurance in Arizona. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Fairfax Financial Holdings (TSX:FFH) has agreed to buy Allied World Assurance Company Holdings AG (NYSE:AWH) for $4.9 billion in cash and equity, according to Reuters. At $54 per share ($10 in cash and $44 in Fairfax stock), the offer represents an 18% premium on Allied World’s close on Friday. Read more"
" Mosaic Co (NYSE:MOS) has agreed to acquire Vale SA’s (BOVESPA:VALE3) fertilizer unit for about $2.5 billion in cash and equity, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Braas Monier Building Group (DB:BMSA) has agreed to be taken over by rival Standard Industries, a Parsippany, N.J.-based manufacturer of roofing products for €1.1 billion ($1.15 billion), according to Reuters. Read more"
" Xura, Inc., a Wakefield, Mass.-based provider of digital communications services owned by Siris Capital, has agreed to buy Mitel Mobility, a mobile division owned by Mitel Networks Corp. (NasdaqGS:MITL) and Ranzure Network, a Richardson, Texas-based wireless service provider. Financial terms were not disclosed, but reports value the deal at around $385 million"
" MassRoots (OTCPK:MSRT), a technology platforms for the cannabis industry, has agreed to acquire Whaxy, a cannabis-focused social network, for $100,000 in cash and 2.9 million shares of MassRoots’ common stock"
" Trivago (NasdaqGS:TRVG) shares rose nearly 11 percent in the company’s public debut on Friday.  The company had priced 26.1 million depositary shares at $11, below its expected range of $13 to $15"
" Svenska Cellulosa AB (OM:SCA B) has agreed to buy BSN Medical, a developer of products for wound care, compression therapy and orthopedics, for €2.74 billion euros ($2.9 billion) from EQT Partners AB, a Stockholm-based private equity and venture capital firm"
" Thundersoft (SZSE:300496) has acquired Rightware, a Finnish automotive software company, for €64 million ($68 million). Rightware raised $9.45 million from investors including Nexit Ventures and Inventure Oy"
" Great Point Partners, a Greenwich, Conn.-based private equity firm, has sold its stake in Professional Physical Therapy, a Uniondale, N.Y.-based provider of physical therapy and rehabilitation services, to Thomas H. Lee Partners"
" Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) raised $4.5 billion for a new private-equity fund, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" CenterGate Capital Partners raised $350 million for its first fund, which will focus on lower mid-market companies in North America"
" High Growth Robotics launched the British Robotics Seed Fund, which will invest in U.K.-based robotics startups. The fund’s target is $2.5 million (£2 million). Sapphire Capital Partners will help manage the fund"
" Sebastian Peck is now managing director at InMotion, Jaguar Land Rover’s mobility business and corporate venture capital arm. Previously, Peck was chief financial officer of Health Bridge, a London-based healthcare startup"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
Good morning. Today I’m sharing your best macro and tech predictions for 2017.
"MACRO: Readers agree that interest rates are going up. Predictions around what effect that’ll have, as well as the future of jobs, growth, inflation, tax repatriation, and the bond market, varied."
-“ Bond ETFs are not as safe nor liquid as advertised.”
"-“Trump proves to be a moderate, middle of the road president, but the USA becomes more insular.”"
-“At least 50% of the American dough held abroad by corporations will come home as a result of tax reform”.
-“ Tax + regulatory reform lead to further economic stimulus and job growth.”
-“It will be hard to outpace the liquidity-fueled growth (and multiples) of yesteryear.”
"-“Automation that displaces jobs will happen faster than expected, resulting in Trump Tweeting about universal basic income.”"
-“Your New Jobs section stole my thunder for my business prediction for 2017: No new jobs today.
"-“Labor rate participation increases to 63.1% average for next year, up from 62.7% today.”"
"- ""’Made in America’ will carry more weight with consumers.”"
-“ The United States gets an image as a more pro-business country.”
"Raj Ganguly of B Capital Group sees fintech companies moving to Germany as a result of Brexit. “We can expect more shifts as tech's two largest hubs (US/UK) concede to populism and a retreat inward. Singapore, Canada, India, China, Ireland and other countries will double down on tech-friendly policies to fill all potential vacuums.”"
Many readers predict doom and gloom.
"-“In the US, we are at the end of the business cycle by conventional measures (profit margins have peaked, employment nearing full). But because of massive private market deleveraging since 2009, there is still capacity to expand. These two forces will battle until we reach a peak and end of business cycle.”"
-“Chinese banks to finally start to address their non-performing loans.”
"-“Geo-political uncertainties will continue to dominate the headlines, causing unprecedented levels of opacity for businesses.”"
Greg Sands of Costanoa Venture Capital predicts a trade war with China will lead to a global slowdown with unintended consequences including currency movement and shrinkage of capital flows.
TECH: Readers have mixed feelings about VR and AR.
-“Alternative proteins will replace VR as the current hype.”
-“Apple will launch an Augmented Reality device.”
"-“ Applications of machine learning and artificial intelligence will gain wide acceptance across industries, leading to an immediate push for regulation due to fear of the unknown, a parallel of the Trump-esque xenophobia.”"
-“Machine learning and AI will finally from hype to adoption and disruption in the enterprise.”
-“Heavy investment into VR/AR content creation.”
Cack Wilhelm of Scale Venture Partners believes mobile and headset VR will converge faster than we think: “I predict that Snap Spectacles will prove to be a second cultural milestone showing AR acceptance (the first being Pokemon Go).”
"Elsewhere in tech, readers predict continued growth in Asia, continued demand for data analytics and cloud services, more enterprise drone strategies from Fortune 500 companies, more risk-taking, and a transition to ""voice-first"" apps from ""mobile-first"" apps."
Blake Bartlett of OpenView predicted the hype over chatbots will disappear “as quickly as it arrived in 2016.” And one reader believes the next legacy business to be disrupted will be elevators. Okay!
Regarding your answer to the second question – have you made any changes to your business as a result of Trump or Brexit? – the vast majority of readers said “no.”
"HOLLYWOOD IN THE VALLEY: Last week when Term Sheet reported on Leonardo DiCaprio becoming an advisor to Data Point Capital, we noted that he had one more relationship in Silicon Valley. Readers quickly pointed out that it was Obvious Ventures. But there’s another one that hasn’t been public: He also advises 8VC, alongside his friend Tobey Maguire, who is publicly listed as an advisor. Correction: This item has been updated to remove incorrect information stating the actors were previously involved with the venture capital firm Formation 8. They were not."
 The Fortune Unfiltered podcast features serial entrepreneur and author James Altucher. Listen here
 Wearable smart devices can’t meet the hype
 Quitting Oracle in protest
 Twitter loses its CTO
 Gucci Gulch redux
 Big tech has the supply chain blues
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Motor City claps back. Student loans, unforgiven. Global M&A down. Google employees are apparently (reportedly) not allowed to write novels about Silicon Valley."
" Yeahmobi, a Chinese mobile advertising network, raised RMB ￥639 million ($100 million) in funding at a ￥5 billion ( $720 million) valuation, according to VentureBeat. Investors include Beijing Bohai Tongxin Private Equity Fund, Nanjing Huawen Hongsheng Startup Investment Fund, and Shenzhen Qianhai Bochuang Private Equity Fund. Read more"
" Optoro, a Lanham, Md.-based logistics provider that helps retailers and manufacturers recover and resell returned merchandise, raised $30 million in Series D funding. Investors include UPS (NYSE:UPS), Revolution Growth, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Generation Investment Management, Tenfore Holdings, SWaN and Legend Venture Partners and the Maryland Venture Fund"
" Revolution Medicines, a Redwood City, Calif.-based developer of cancer drugs, raised $25 million in funding from The Column Group and Third Rock Ventures"
" Dynamic Yield, an Israeli SaaS company that helps clients understand user engagement dynamics, raised $22 million in Series C funding, according to TechCrunch. Vertex Ventures and ClalTech led the round, with participation from Baidu, Global Founders Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Marker LLP and Innovation Endeavors. Read more"
" Visedo, a Finnish company that manufacturers powertrain systems for commercial vehicles, heavy-duty machinery and the marine vessels, raised €20 million ($20.8 million), according to Tech.eu. Emerald Technology Ventures led the round, and was joined by Ilmarinen, LähiTapiola, Suffice International, Sinituote, Finnish Industry Investment, VNT Management, Green Campus Innovations and Visedo employees. Read more"
" Appetize, a Playa Vista, Calif.-based maker of point-of-sale tools, raised $20 million in funding. Shamrock Capital Advisors led the round, with participation from Oak View Group and other investors. As part of the deal, Shamrock Capital Advisors partners Andy Howard and Alan Resnikoff will join Appetize’s board of directors"
" LeanData, a provider of lead management solutions, raised $10 million in Series B funding. Sapphire Ventures led the round, with participation from existing investors Shasta Ventures and Correlation Ventures. As part of the deal, Sapphire Ventures managing director David Hartwig is joining LeanData’s board of directors"
" LaunchDarkly, a San Francisco-based platform that enables software teams to test and measure new features, raised $8.7 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. DFJ led the round, and was joined by Softech and Bloomberg Beta. Read more"
" Vida Diagnostics, a Coralville, Iowa-based provider of precision pulmonary imaging services, raised $5.1 million in funding. Chartline Capital Partners led the round, with participation from Rittenhouse Ventures, Next Level Ventures, Rural Vitality Fund II, Iowa Seed Fund, and Northern California Investment Fund"
" Azur Drones, a Paris-based company that offers drone inspection and surveying services, raised €3.5 million ($3.6 million) from an undisclosed investor"
" Ditto Labs, a Cambridge, Mass.-based company developing image recognition technology, raised an undisclosed amount of Series C funding. Red Fort Capital led the round"
" Natural American Foods, backed by Peak Rock Capital, has acquired Sweet Harvest Foods Company, a Cannon Falls, Minn.-based producer of honey, peanut butter and syrup products. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Lightyear Capital LLC, a New York City-based private equity firm, invested $95 million in Ygrene Energy Fund Inc., a Santa Rosa, Calif.-based provider of turnkey Property Assessed Clean Energy programs"
" The Silverfern Group and Arroyo Energy Investment Partners have acquired Broad River Power Holdings, a Gaffney, S.C.-based gas turbine electric power plant. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Halyard Capital has acquired StratEx, a Chicago-based provider of human resources software and services. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Bridgepoint has agreed to acquire Hill International’s Construction Claims Group, a provider of services that include claims consulting, management consulting, litigation support, and expert witness testimony and cost/damages assessment, for $147 million in cash"
" TorQuest Partners has acquired Can Art Aluminum Extrusion, an Ontario-based maker of aluminum extrusions. Financial terms were not disclosed"
 The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) has agreed to purchase Anheuser-Busch InBev’s (ENXTBR:ABI ) 54.5% stake in Coca-Cola Beverages Africa for $3.15 billion
" Allergan Plc (NYSE:AGN) has agreed to buy LifeCell, a Branchburg, N.J.-based developer of regenerative tissue products, from Acelity LP Inc. for $2.9 billion in cash. Read more at Fortune"
"TDK Corp (TSE:6762) has agreed to buy InvenSense Inc. (NYSE:INVN) for $1.33 billion, according to Reuters. At $13 per share, TDK’s offer represents a 19.9% premium on InvenSense’s closing price Tuesday. Read more"
" SoFi,  a San Francisco-based company that provides student loan refinancing services, is delaying plans for an initial public offering, according to Bloomberg. The company is attempting to close a $500 million funding round. Read more"
" Hachette Livre, a French publisher owned by Lagardere SCA (ENXTPA:MMB) , has acquired a majority stake in Peak, a London-based brain training app. Financial terms were not disclosed. Peak raised $10.49 million from investors including Creandum, Qualcomm Ventures, and London Venture Partners"
" TPG Capital, a Fort Worth, Texas-based private equity firm, has agreed to acquire Mediware Information Systems, Inc., a Lenexa, Kansas-based developer of clinical and performance management software systems used in hospitals and other medical facilities, from Thoma Bravo. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Wabtec Corp. has acquired Workhorse Rail, a Pittsburgh-based provider of steel castings and forgings for railroads and railcar builders, from Hammond Kennedy Whitney & Co. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Veronis Suhler Stevenson, a New York City-based private equity firm, has sold Thomsons Online Benefits, a London-based developer of employee benefits administration and engagement software, to Mercer, a Marsh & McLennan. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"AGC Asahi Glass has agreed to acquire CMC Biologics, a Copenhagen, Denmark-based manufacturer of monoclonal antibodies, coagulation factors and other therapeutic proteins from shareholders including Monitor Clipper Partners, European Equity Partners and Innoven Partenaires"
" Brentwood Associates, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm, has sold K-MAC Holdings Corp.,a Fort Smith, Ark.-based operator of Taco Bell, KFC, and other Yum! Brand (NYSE:YUM) restaurants. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" HPS Investment Partners, a New York City-based private equity firm, raised $6.6 billion for its third fund, Mezzanine Partners Fund III"
" Green Courte Partners, a Lake Forest, Ill.-based real estate investment firm, raised $503 million for its fourth fund, Green Courte Real Estate Partners IV"
" Bison Capital Asset Management, a Santa Monica-based private equity firm, raised $376.5 million for its fifth fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Blackstone Group (NYSE:BX) is winding down its hedge fund Senfina Advisors LLC, a spokeswoman confirmed to Reuters. The fund gained 20% last year, but lost 24% on its investments this year. Read more"
"Josh McFarland is joining Greylock, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm, as a partner. McFarland is currently the vice president of product at Twitter (NYSE:TWTR)"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
Good morning.
Yesterday my colleague Beth Kowitt published asked a question that’s been on my mind all year: Should CPG companies be funded like tech startups?
"She compared The Honest Company, which has raised $228 million in venture funding in five years to Seventh Generation, which has taken in around $100 million in funding over 30 years. The Honest Company has about three times as many employees as Seventh Generation, despite having roughly the same level of sales. Given The Honest Company isn’t profitable, it is under pressure to find a buyer or raise more money. As Kowitt notes: “staffing and funding wouldn’t matter quite so much if the home care category wasn’t such a low-margin one.”"
"She concludes that it’s ironic that Seventh Generation, the non-tech company that didn’t need to exit, found its exit first, selling to Unilever for a reported $600 million to $700 million, after reports that The Honest Company had held deal talks with the acquirer."
Read the rest here.
"ON THE OTHER HAND: Fortune published its first ever list of “Breakthrough Brands” this morning. These are brands that have “attained the emotional resonance with consumers typically reserved for big blue-chip companies, but in a fraction of the time.” (It’s based on a survey of 4,000 customers.)"
"No surprise, they are almost all tech darlings. Snapchat, Uber, Airbnb, Slack, Spotify are all venture-backed. The rest – Instagram, Waze, Venmo, Tesla, Square --were venture-backed till they exited."
"One quick observation here: When Facebook spent $1 billion on Instagram, it seemed insane. That deal now looks brilliant, as Instagram has continued to grow and is Facebook's greatest defense against Snapchat. Now analysts estimate Instagram is worth as much as $50 billion."
"I'd argue Braintree's acquisition of Venmo belongs in the same category. Braintree, now part of PayPal, acquired Venmo for around $26 million in 2012. Venmo had around 23 employees at the time. Venmo is on track to process $20 billion in transactions this year. The presence of Venmo on this list is a reminder of how rarely we see a tiny brand from a tiny acquisition completely take off after the company sells out."
"IMPACT: My colleague Kirsten Korosec spoke with John Doerr about Breakthrough Energy Ventures Fund, the $1 billion clean energy venture fund he joined alongside Bill Gates, Jack Ma, Vinod Khosla, and others. He shared a few more details on the structure of the fund:"
"This is an investor-led fund rather than having passive institutional investors. This is a fund where I believe every limited partner is an executive who has built a substantial new business or disrupted a major new market. The investors are not going to operate the fund, but Bill Gates who is chairman of the board, and the board members, and investors are going to be very involved in the strategies and the activities of the fund itself. And that's unusual and good."
"Regarding the president-elect’s stated environmental views, he said:"
"The president-elect has generally stacked out a position that the EPA is harmful to growth in the U.S. and I expect there will be a lot of changes in that agency. But I don't know what they'll be. I'm keeping an open mind and being very watchful. It's a great question, I just don't know the answer."
Read the rest here.
"TREND WATCH: Tech consulting is a new hotspot for M&A, with giants like Accenture, Cognizant and Wipro snapping up numerous smaller firms."
"IPO: The biggest trend in late stage venture funding last year was the retreat of hedge funds and mutual funds. A recent CB Insights tech IPO pipeline report shows that clearly. Only eight hedge funds made first-time tech investments in the U.S. this year, down from 28 in 2015 and 37 in 2014. And mutual fund deals in tech startups have been falling since the second quarter of 2015, when they peaked at 16 per quarter. There were just six such deals in the third quarter of 2016."
"Rather, 2016 was the year of the “non-tech incumbents,” doing big tech startup acquisitions. (Think Walmart-Jet, GM-Cruise.) This year six corporate buyers from outside of the tech world spent $1 billion or more to snap up VC-backed companies, up from zero in the prior two years."
Meanwhile everyone that’s ever invested in tech is praying 2017 will be the year of IPOs.
"NOTE: Per yesterday’s Term Sheet, Leonardo Dicaprio and Tobey Maguire are advisors to 8VC, but they were were not involved with Formation 8."
"IRL: Yes, I’m going to CES. Where do the dealmakers, i.e, Term Sheet readers, hang out at this crazy thing?"
 Donald’s done draining swamp
 Eggnog shortage
" Yes, a CEO can defy Donald Trump"
 Goldman Sachs pays $120 million to settle benchmark manipulation case
 Could technology stop another truck massacre
 State Street testing blockchain system for securities lending
…AND ELSEWHERE.
"Private equity firms make holiday videos, too. A $250 million tech hub in NYC. Many big tech companies have said they won’t help build a registry of Muslims, but not Palantir. Snapchat Spectacles will definitely make banking seem cool. Buying candles at Anthropologie before Christmas."
" Backtrace, a New York City-based provider of software bug tracking tools, raised $5 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Amplify Partners led the round, with participation from Work­-Bench and previous investors Rally Ventures and Tribeca Venture Partners. As part of the deal, Amplify partner Sunil Dhaliwal is joining Backtrace’s board of directors. Read more"
" Min Doktor, a Swedish platform that allows patients to communicate with doctors, raised €4.7 million ($4.9 million) in funding, according to Tech.eu. Investors include EQT Ventures and Christian W. Jansson. Read more"
" Cardlay, a Dannish fintech startup, raised $4 million in funding from unnamed investors"
" Xplenty, an Israeli cloud-based data analytics company, raised $4 million in funding from Bain Capital Ventures, Rembrandt Venture Partners and True Ventures, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Explain Everything Inc., a New York City-based interactive whiteboard for tablets and smartphones, raised $3.7 million in funding. EBRD Venture Capital Investment Programme led the round, and was joined by Credo Ventures, New Europe Ventures and RTAventures"
" Appili Therapeutics, a Halifax, Canada-based anti-infective drug development company, raised $2.2 million in funding from new and existing investors, including Innovacorp"
" Neurable, a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of brain-controlled software for VR/AR devices, raised $2 million in new funding. Brian Shin of BOSS Syndicate led the round, with participation from PJC, Loup Ventures, and NXT Ventures, among other investors"
" Berkshire Partners, a Boston-based private equity firm, has invested in Kendra Scott Design, an Austin, Texas-based jewelry designer and manufacturer, at a reported $1 billion valuation, according to Reuters. Read more"
"Highlands Ventures, a Chicago-based private equity firm, has acquired Sonoma Consulting, a Naperville, Ill.-based information technology consulting and executive search company. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Warburg Pincus, a New York City-based private equity firm, has agreed to acquire Gabriel Brothers, a Morgantown, W.Va.-based operator of discount fashion retail stores. Terms were not disclosed"
"United Flexible, Inc., backed by Arlington Capital Partners, has acquired Scotia Technology, a Laconia, N.H.-based maker of tubular components for the aerospace and defense industries. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Maroon Group LLC, an Avon, Ohio-based chemical and packaging products supplier owned by CI Capital Partners, has acquired Cadence Chemical, a Stamford, Conn.-based specialty chemicals provider. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Berkshire Partners has acquired Masergy Communications, a Plano, Texas-based provider of hybrid networking, managed security and cloud communications. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Coalfire, a Westminster, Colo.-based provider of cybersecurity risk management and compliance services, has acquired Veris Group, a Vienna, Va.-based provider of cyber risk advisory, compliance assessment, technical testing, and engineering services. Coalfire is backed by The Chertoff Group and The Carlyle Group. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Jared Kushner, President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law, is reportedly looking to sell The New York Observer. Kushner purchased the paper for $10 million in 2006. Read more at Fortune"
" Baidu (NasdaqGS:BIDU) is planning an initial public offering of iQiyi.com, its video-streaming site, which is expected to raise about $1 billion and could value the unit at up to $5 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Spearhead Integrated Marketing Communication Group has completed its acquisition of Smaato Inc. and Smaato Holding AG, a San Francisco-based provider of real-time advertising services for mobile publishers and app developers, for $148 million. Smaato raised $43.1 million from investors including Aeris Capital and Singapore Press Holdings"
" Xplenty has acquired Driven, Inc., a San Francisco-based cloud-monitoring startup. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Driven, Inc. raised $14.9 million from investors including Bain Capital Ventures and True Ventures"
" Charoen Pokphand Foods, which is owned by Thai billionaire Dhanin Chearavanont, has completed its previously announced purchase of Bellisio Parent, a Minneapolis-based frozen-food producer, for $1.075 billion from Centre Partners Management"
" KRG Capital Partners has sold Ansira Partners, a St. Louis, Miss.-based marketing company, to Advent International. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Kinderhook Industries has recapitalized NitroFill, a Pompano Beach, Fla.-based maker of nitrogen generation and inflation systems for passenger and truck tires. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" GoAhead Ventures, an early-stage investment firm, raised $55 million for its first fund"
" General Motors (NYSE:GM) has partnered with 500 Startups, a Mountain View, Calif.-based incubator and venture capital firm, to identify and invest in startups focusing on mobility services, machine learning, virtual reality, robotics, and additive manufacturing. The investments will be made through GM Ventures"
" Cem Koray is now a partner at Perella Weinberg Partners. Koray first joined the firm in 2013 as a managing director, and was previously an executive director at J.P. Morgan"
" Edward Chan has joined 1315 Capital, a Philadelphia-based growth equity firm, as a principal. Chan was previously a vice president at NaviMed Capital"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
"Optimism.  More than any other word, that’s how Term Sheet readers say they feel about the next four years. After that, it’s a grab-bag of emotions, assessments, predictions, and observations."
Today I’m sharing your answers to the third and final prompt in our mini-survey: Describe your feelings about the next four years in one word.
"I’ve arranged them into a giant, silly, yet somehow evocative, word-blob. Someday I’ll throw a party for Term Sheet readers and hire a spoken word artist to perform them. Just kidding. Enjoy:"
Apprehensive. Apprehensive! Anxious. Anxious. Trepidation. Tentative.
Cautious. FEARFUL ...or two words: SCARED SHITLESS. Unnerved.
Concerned. Worried.
Bummedfortheenvironment. Resigned. Hunkered down. Impatient.
Fascinated. Scattered. Guarded. Role-reversal.
Millennials. (Boomers.)
"Skittish. Skeptic. Wary. Propaganda. Vigilant, on the qui vive! Squeamish."
Headache. Vomit. Litost.
Cyclically-bullish-but-structurally-pessimistic. Recession. Inevitable.
Challenge. Energized. Galvanizing. Determined.
Hope. HOPE. Hope. Confident. Confident. Bullish. Bullish. Upbeat. Fantastic!
"Optimistic. Optimistic. Optimistic. Optimistic. Optimistic. Optimistic. Optimistic. Optimistic. Optimistic. Optimistic. Optimistic, despite."
Opportunistic. Opportunistic. Posttraumatic growth.
Pessimistic. Realistic. Saudade.
"Uncertain. Uncertain…that will lead to volatility…so, volatility. Chaotic. Drama. Tumultuous. Reckless."
NARNIA.
Transition. Chchchch-changes. Different. History-defining.
Binary—Either the world ends or things are just kind of okay. There is no in-between.
" That’s it: Term Sheet is off for the rest of the year, back on January 3. Till then, enjoy the holidays"
 YouTube’s plans for 2017
 Carl Icahn and banking regulations
 DOJ sues Barclays execs on mortgage securities fraud. Deutsche settles for $7.2 billion. Credit Suisse settles for $2.48 billion
 What Microsoft should fix about LinkedIn next year
 3 things to watch from Trump’s tax plan
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Canada makes Internet access a right. Pokemon Go watch. Wall Street lawyer turned fanboy toy maker. CalPERS cuts targets. Ghosts of buyouts past. Really, mergers don’t always pay off. How a retailer won by ignoring the Internet. Echo sold out."
"  Koubei, Alibaba Group Holding Limited's (NYSE:BABA) on-demand services unit, is close to raising $1.2 billion in funding at about an $8 billion valuation, according to a report Bloomberg. Investors include Silver Lake Management, Yunfeng Capital, and China’s sovereign wealth fund. Read more"
"  Huochebang, a Chengdu, China-based company that operates like an Uber service for trucks, raised about $115 million in funding at a $1 billion valuation, according to a report in Bloomberg. International Finance Corp. and All-Stars Investment led the round, with participation from Tencent, Genesis Capital and DCM Ventures. Read more"
"  Axoni, a New York City-based provider of distributed ledger technology to the financial services industry, raised $18 million in Series A funding. Wells Fargo and Euclid Opportunities led the round, with participation from Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, Thomson Reuters, Andreessen Horowitz, FinTech Collective, F-Prime Capital Partners, and Digital Currency Group"
"  Plutora, a Mountain View, Calif.-based developer of release, test environment and quality management software for enterprise IT, raised $13.4 million in funding from Macquarie Capital"
"Vend, an Auckland, New Zealand-based developer of point-of-sale software, raised NZD$13 million ($8.9 million) in funding, according to The National Business Review. Movac led the round, and was joined by Square Peg Capital, Jasmine Investments, and Aspiring Asset Management. Read more."
"  Engage2Excel, a Statesville, N.C.-based developer of employee rewards programs backed by Gridiron Capital, has acquired Decision Toolbox, an Irvine, California-based recruitment solutions provider. No financial terms were disclosed"
"  Partners Group (SWX:PGHN) has invested 50% equity in Raven, a midstream processing facility to be located in Baytown, Texas"
"  Ayala Corp (PSE:AC) said two groups of companies in which its energy unit has stakes will acquire Chevron's (NYSE:CVX) Indonesian and Filipino geothermal assets in a deal valued at around $3 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  NN Group (NN.AS) has agreed to buy fellow Dutch insurer Delta Lloyd (ENXTAM:DL) for €2.5 billion ($2.61 billion), according to Reuters. At €5.4 ($5.6) per share, the offer represents a 55% premium to Delta Lloyd's average share price in the three months prior to NN Group’s initial bid. Read more"
"  Megafon (LSE:MFON) has agreed to purchase a 63.8% voting stake in Mail.ru (LSE:MAIL) for $740 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  Panasonic (TSE:6752) has agreed to acquire a majority stake in Zetes (ENXTBR:ZTS) for €149.6 million ($155.8 million), according to Tech.eu. Read more"
"  Schneider National, a Green Bay, Wis.-based trucking company, filed for an initial public offering that could raise up to $1 billion, according to Renaissance Capital. The company, which booked $4 billion in sales for the 12 months ending September 30, 2016, plans to trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol SNDR. Pricing terms were not disclosed. Read more"
"  Blue Apron, a New York City-based meal-kit delivery company, is delaying plans for an initial public offering so it can improve profit margins enough to support its target valuation of $3 billion, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
"  Clessidra, an Italian private equity firm, and the Buccellati family have sold an 85% stake in Buccellati Holding Italia, a Milan-based producer of jewelry, watches, and silverware, to the Gangtai Group"
"  Frontenac Company, a Chicago-based private equity firm, has sold H-E Parts International, an Atlanta-based maker of aftermarket parts and components for the mining, heavy construction and energy sectors, to Hitachi Construction Machinery Co. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"  Gryphon Investors, a San Francisco-based private equity firm, has agreed to sell C.B. Fleet Company, Inc., a Lynchburg, Va.-based consumer health and beauty product manufacturer, to Prestige Brands (NYSE:PBH) for around $825 million"
"  Actis, a London-based private equity and venture capital firm, and investment bank Mesoamerica have sold their stake in Globeleq Mesoamerica Energy, a Costa Rican renewable energy company, to Corporacion Multi Inversiones"
"  First Reserve, a Greenwich, Conn.-based private equity firm, has promoted Matthew Raben and Tim Vincent to managing director, and Tomas Peshkatari to director"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis and Kia Kokalitcheva. Submit deal items here.
"Happy New Year, Term Sheet readers! During the break, Fortune published my latest feature story, “The Ugly Unethical Underside of Silicon Valley."" It argues that 2016’s string of startup scandals -- from Zenefits and Theranos to a myriad of smaller, lesser-known blow-ups -- aren’t necessarily exceptions, or as many investors have described them, “bad apples.” Rather, they represent a growing problem with Silicon Valley’s “move fast and break things” culture. As 500 Startups founding partner Dave McClure put it, “We hope that entrepreneurs bend the rules but don’t break them. You know the saying ‘There’s a fine line between genius and insanity’? There’s probably a fine line between entrepreneurship and criminality.”"
Here is an excerpt from the introduction:
"No industry is immune to fraud, and the hotter the business, the more hucksters flock to it. But Silicon Valley has always seen itself as the virtuous outlier, a place where altruistic nerds tolerate capitalism in order to make the world a better place. Suddenly the Valley looks as crooked and greedy as the rest of the business world. And the growing roster of scandal-tainted startups share a theme. Faking it, from marketing exaggerations to outright fraud, feels more prevalent than ever—so much so that it’s time to ask whether startup culture itself is becoming a problem."
"Fraud is not new in tech, of course. Longtime investors remember when MiniScribe shipped actual bricks inside its hard-disk boxes in an inventory accounting scam in the 1980s. The ’90s and early aughts brought WorldCom, Enron, and the dot-bombs. But today more money is sloshing around ($73 billion in venture capital invested in U.S. startups in 2016, compared with $45 billion at the peak of the dotcom boom, according to PitchBook), there’s less transparency as companies stay private longer (174 private companies are each worth $1 billion or more), and there’s an endless supply of legal gray areas to exploit as technology invades every sector, from fintech and med-tech to auto-tech and ed-tech."
"The drama has some investors predicting more disasters. “What if Theranos is the canary in the coal mine?” says Roger McNamee, a 40-year VC veteran and managing director at Elevation Partners. “Everyone is looking at Theranos as an outlier. We may discover it’s not an outlier at all.” That would be bad news, because without trust, the tech industry’s intertwined ecosystem of money, products, and people can’t function. Investors may find the full version of the old proverb is more accurate: “One bad apple spoils the whole barrel.”"
You can read the full article here.
  Five trends shaping the global econom
  Five trends shaping the housing marke
  The 7 worst-performing Fortune 500 stocks of 201
  Why Trump’s distrust of computers is bad for the econom
  The right to disconnect from work emai
  What caused the SpaceX explosio
 A tale of two mattress companie
  An Android ca
  Why Tim Ferris asks absurd question
…AND ELSEWHERE
Bitcoin above $1000. What the tech giants face in Europe. The shortcomings of the 401(k). Growing a different Apple at Pearl Automation. Why corporations are helping Donald Trump lie about jobs. The puzzle for unicorn employees. Putin’s real long game. 2017 and fund restructurings. Saying no to VC funding.
" Proterra, a Greenville, S.C.-based designer and manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles, raised $140 million in equity funding. The round was led by an undisclosed investor, who contributed $40 million. Tao Capital Partners, Kleiner Perkins, GM Ventures, Constellation Technology Ventures, 88 Green Ventures, and Edison Energy also participated. Read more at Fortune"
" Rent the Runway, a New York City-based designer clothing company, raised $60 million in Series E funding. Fidelity led the round, and was joined by Technology Crossover Ventures, Bain Capital Ventures, Highland Capital Partners, and Advance Publications. Read more at Fortune"
" NA-KD, a Swedish fashion ecommerce company, raised €14 million ($14.5 million) in a funding, according to Tech.eu. Northzone led the round, and was joined by eEquity. Read more"
" Monese, a London-based mobile banking app designed for immigrants and expats, raised $10 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Anthemis Exponential Ventures, STE Capital, Korea Investment Partners, Smartcap and Seecamp. Read more"
" Flytrex, an Israeli drone startup, raised $3 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Armada VC led the round, and was joined by angel investors Daniel Gutenberg and Joey Low. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group (NasdaqGS:CG) has acquired a majority stake in Gastronomía & Negocios S.A, a Santiago, Chile-based fast food restaurant franchisor, from the Duch and Fuenzalida families, both of whom will retain a minority stake in the company. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Clearlake Capital and Vector Capital have made a bid to purchase Tangoe, Inc. (NasdaqGS:TNGO), offering $7 for each issued and outstanding share of the company’s common stock"
" KKR & Co. (NYSE:KKR) is still interested in acquiring Depomed (NasdaqGS:DEPO), according to the New York Post. The opioid maker is in the process of accepting bids. Read more"
" Sentinel Capital Partners, a New York City-based private equity firm, has invested in Altima Dental Centres, a Toronto-based dental care provider. Terms were not disclosed"
" Confie, a Huntington Beach, Calif.-based personal and commercial insurance provider backed by ABRY Partners, has acquired Auto Insurance America from Western National Mutual Insurance Company. (Correction: This item has been updated to fix a misspelling of the name of ABRY Partners."
" Summit Park, a Charlotte, N.C.-based private equity firm, has acquired certain assets from Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE:IRM) for $50 million that will be used to create Arkive, an Atlanta-based provider of document storage software"
" Euronext (ENXTPA:ENX) has agreed to acquire London Stock Exchange Group’s (LSE:LSE) French clearing business for €510 million ($534 million), according to Reuters. The London Stock Exchange Group is seeking regulatory approval to merge with Deutsche Boerse (XTRA:DB1). Read more"
"Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ASX:ANZ) has agreed to sell its 20% stake in Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank Co to China Cosco Shipping Corp. and Shanghai Sino-Poland Enterprise Management Development Corp. for A$1.8 billion ($1.3 billion), according to Reuters. Read more"
" AppDynamics Inc., a San Francisco-based company that develops software for businesses to monitor applications, has filed for an initial public offering. The company raised funding at a reported $1.9 billion in November 2015"
" Matrix Capital Markets Group has sold Massillon, Ohio-based Campbell Oil Company's residential heating, oil and commercial fuels business to Lykins Energy Solutions. Terms were not disclosed"
" Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has acquired Cimagine Media, an augmented reality startup based in Israel, for $30 million to $40 million. The company had raised funding from 2b Angels, iVentures Asia, OurCrowd, Plus Ventures, and Titanium Investments"
" Facebook subsidiary Oculus VR has acquired The Eye Tribe, a Copenhagen-based startup focused on tracking eye movements, for an undisclosed amount. The Eye Tribe has raised $3 million in funding from investors including Startup Bootcamp"
" ThreeSixty Group Inc, a Hong Kong-based consumer products manufacturer and distributor backed by AEA Investors LP, has acquired home electronics and high-tech lifestyle products provider The Sharper Image from Iconix Brand Group Inc. (NasdaqGS:ICON). Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Clearlake Capital Group has agreed to acquire Landesk, a South Jordan, Utah-based developer of IT management software, from Thoma Bravo. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Huawei, a Shenzhen, China-based smartphone manufacturer, is negotiating a deal to acquire HexaTier, an Israeli database security company, according to Reuters. HexaTier has raised $14.5 million from Israeli venture capital funds JVP, Magma and Rhodium. Read more"
" 3i (LSE:III) is considering selling Agent Provocateur, a London-based high-end lingerie retailer, according to the Financial Times. Read more (subscription required)"
" Blackstone (NYSE:BX) has agreed to acquire Tradesmen International, a Macedonia, Ohio-based provider of craftsmen to non-residential construction and industrial contractors, from Wellspring Capital Management. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" OpenGate Capital, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm, has sold Getronics LATAM, an integrated ICT products and services provider, to the Latin American private investment firm Southern Cross Group"
" Clayton Dubilier & Rice, a New York City-based private equity firm, is close to raising $6 billion (of a $8.5 million target) for Fund X, its latest private equity fund, according to a report by Reuters. Read more"
" Acon, a private equity firm based in Washington, D.C., Los Angeles, Mexico City, Sao Paulo and Bogota, raised $965 million for its fourth fund, according to an SEC filin"
" J.C. Flowers & Co., a New York City-based private equity firm, raised $628.1 million for its fourth fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Data Collective, a Palo Alto and San Francisco venture capital firm focused on big data startups, has raised $212 million for its fourth venture capital fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Core Innovation Capital, a Los Angeles-based private equity and venture capital firm, raised $71.5 million for its second fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Flyover Capital, a Leawood, Kan.-based venture capital firm, has raised $46 million for its first fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Todd Edebohls has joined Clear, a New York City-based biometrics startup, as SVP of Corporate Development. He was previously VP of business development at Zocdoc and director of business development at Amazon"
 Anshu Jain has joined the investment bank Cantor Fitzgerald as president. Jain was previously the co-chief executive of Deutsche Bank. He resigned from the post 18 months ago. Read more at Fortune
" John Kissick, a co-founder, director and partner at Ares Management, is retiring after nearly 20 years with the firm, according to the Financial News. Read more (subscription required)"
" Kevin Imhoff and Jeff Hypes have joined the Greenwich, Conn.-based financial advisory services firm Atlantic-Pacific Capital, Inc. as principals"
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Hello from Las Vegas, where I’m riding in cars with robots and hunting down the most ridiculous “smart” items CES has to offer. (Current front-runners: a smart mattress and a smart hairbrush.)"
"CES is a deal-making event, but not usually the kind of deals Term Sheet tracks. This week will be full of partnership announcements between manufactures and suppliers, joint ventures between tech’s coop-etition giants, and even a fair amount of ad sale deals. (Content is increasingly a big part of this crazy hype-fest. So is automotive. And mattresses, apparently.)"
"Like with South by Southwest, this event seems too noisy and overwhelming to imagine a corporate development head will stumble upon their next big acquisition opportunity on the showroom floor. Or that any company could successfully find a buyer or new investor here. And yet, so many corporate development heads, venture investors, M&A bankers, and even a few private equity pros have flocked to Vegas. It’s an excuse for everyone to network (ahem, party) with just about everyone in their network, all in one place, I suppose."
"Also at CES: Well-funded start-ups facing accusations of overhype and a supplier lawsuit are forced to prove their muster. I’m talking about Faraday Future. The electric car startup last night revealed its Internet-connected, autonomous, electric FF91 vehicle in a flashy event. It didn’t go perfectly; my colleague Kirsten Korosec reports at one point the purported self-driving car “couldn't be convinced to move” in a demo. The car did eventually drive and park itself on stage."
"But even a company accused of overhype couldn’t stop itself from thinking even bigger than the car of the future. Nick Sampson, Faraday Future's senior vice president of R&D and engineering declared: ""We're not stopping with automotive. We don't consider ourselves a car company, we're a technology company reformatting the future of mobility,"" Kirsten reports. He ended with a promise to quiet the company’s critics."
A few quick non-CES notes:
"As the Dell Turns: Fortune recently published an in-depth feature on the mega-mergeriest deal of 2016: Dell-EMC. Michael Lev-Ram gets the scoop on why the deal’s architects, Michael Dell and Silver Lake’s Egon Durban, think this Texas-sized gamble that bigger is better will actually work. You can read the whole story here. A few details that stuck out to me:"
" Michael Dell first tried to take Dell private as early as 2007, talking to KKR, Blackstone and TPG about a potential deal. As Term Sheet readers know well, he wasn’t able to make it happen until 2012"
" Likewise, Michael Dell first tried to merge with EMC in 2009, creating “hundreds of pages of decks” on how to organize the merger. The deal fell through because many involved weren’t comfortable with the risk. My question is: What other deals has Michael Dell been dreaming about? If we wait long enough, they seem pretty likely to happen, too"
" “Bigger is better” also applies to Dell’s $57 billion in debt. The company is not likely to sell its most obvious divestiture, $34 billion VMware, to pay off that debt, Lev-Ram reports, because it is a small but important growth engine. Ironically, its customers are Dell’s primary competitors. (Regarding her competition, Hewlett Packard Enterprise CEO Meg Whitman argues that smaller is better, “The winners are going to be the companies that are nimble, fast, and focused.”"
" For the best deal flow, get a vacation house in Hawaii"
"NYC Exits: Yesterday two startups that hadn’t raised a ton of money but were nonetheless well-known in the NYC startup scene announced sales: PureWow, a media backed by Bob Pittman’s Pilot Group, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, and Pritzker Group, sold to Gary Vaynerchuck and his business partners at RSE Ventures, a sports-focused investment firm and incubator. (Vaynerchuck’s advertising agency, VaynerMedia, was also an investor in PureWow.) PureWow CEO Ryan Hardwood will become CEO of something called The Gallery, which will be a sister company to VaynerMedia. They’re promoting the deal as a reverse-engineered BuzzFeed / Vice Media strategy: Those properties have added ad agencies to their content companies; this is an ad agency that now has its own content company."
"And Floored, a commercial real estate software provider backed by RRE Ventures, Felicis Ventures, Greycroft Partners, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, and Two Sigma Ventures, sold to CBRE Group. All of the company’s 37 employees will join the new parent company. CEO David Eisenberg, who was previously Accel Partners’ first New York employee as its entrepreneur-in-residence, wouldn’t share details on the deal value but said “everyone is happy.”"
"Confidence: Term Sheet has teamed up with Semaphore on its 9th annual confidence survey of private equity and venture capital professionals. In the past, hundreds of you have chimed in with your confidence levels for the year ahead. Here’s the survey, I encourage you all to take it. The results will be published here later this month."
Thanks for all your feedback and comments on my feature yesterday. It’s a topic I plan to continue to follow…
  Clifton Leaf: A crystal ball reading for Obamacare
  Alan Murray: Trump’s industrial polic
  Ford and Toyota’s unusual allianc
"  Investors bet on Samsung profits, despite the Galaxy Note mes"
  Why Tesla missed its delivery goa
  Starbucks soon could be bigger than McDonald’
…AND ELSEWHERE
Now trending: Low alcohol cocktails. Travis Kalanick’s 2008 guide to CES. An insult to swamps. Can technology make football safer? Larry Summers sees “extraordinary uncertainty.” Boxing Day is the new Black Friday for gaming companies. Mnuchin’s bank accused on “widespread misconduct.” A Bewkes hedge.
" Mobike, a Chinese bicycle rental app, raised $215 million in funding. Tencent Holdings and Warburg Capital led the round, with participation from TPG Capital, Ctrip.com International, Huazhu Hotels Group, Hillhouse Capital, and Sequoia Capital. Read more at Fortune"
" Ascletis, a Chapel Hill, N.C.-based specialty therapeutics company developing treatments for cancer and infectious diseases, raised $100 million in Series B funding. C-Bridge Capital led the round, and was joined by QianHai Equity Investment, Focus Media Jiangnanchun Foundation, WTT Investment, Goldman Sachs, and Tasly Pharmaceutical"
" Synthego, a Redwood City, Calif.-based genetic engineering startup, raised $41 million in Series B funding. 8VC led the round, and was joined by AME Cloud Ventures, Elements Capital, OS Fund, Alexandria Equities, ZhenFund, Founders Fund, Menlo Ventures, WI Harper Group, and SciFi VC"
" Sarcos Robotics, a Salt Lake City, Utah-based developer of dexterous industrial robots for use in unstructured environments, closed its Series A found at $15.6 million in funding. Schlumberger (NYSE:SLB) led the round, and was joined by Microsoft (NasdaqGS:MSFT), GE Ventures, and Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT)"
" Rockets of Awesome, a New York City-based subscription kids' clothing startup, raised $12.5 million in Series A funding. August Capital led the round, and was joined by existing investors Forerunner Ventures and General Catalyst"
" Intact Vascular, a Wayne, Pa.-based developer of medical devices for minimally invasive vascular procedures, raised an additional $7.1 million in Series B funding (closing the round at $46 million) from New Enterprise Associates, Quaker Partners and H.I.G. BioHealth Partners"
" Audio Analytic, a Cambridge, U.K.-based company that produces sound recognition software for homes, raised $5.5 million in Series A funding. Cambridge Innovation Capital led the round, and was joined by IQ Capital, Rockspring, Cambridge Angels and Martlet"
" Ripio, a Buenos Aires, Argentina-based bitcoin and digital payments startup formerly known as BitPagos, raised $1.9 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Huiyin Blockchain Venture led the round, and was joined by Digital Currency Group, Boost VC and Draper VC. Read more"
"Acon Investments, a Washington, D.C.-based private equity firm, has invested in GMI, a provider of modular construction solutions in Mexico and Latin America. Financial terms were not disclosed"
"Genstar Capital, a San Francisco-based private equity firm, has invested in the newly-formed Alera Group, a Deerfield, Ill.-based insurance agency and employee benefits company"
" Hillhouse Capital has invested $250 million in Magento Commerce, a Culver City, Calif.-based ecommerce software company owned by Permira"
"GeoLOGIC Systems Ltd, a Calgary, Canada-based provider of data and integrated software to the energy and production industry, has acquired oil and gas firm Canadian Discovery Ltd‘s Well Completions & Frac Database. GeoLOGIC Systems Ltd is backed by BV Investment Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Platinum Equity, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm, has acquired Cox Target Media, a Saint Petersburg, Fla.-based digital marketing company, from Cox Media Group. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Roxit Group, backed by Main Capital, has acquired PSMS, which develops software for the management of infrastructure and public spaces in the Netherlands"
" U.S. Fence Solutions Co, which is backed by Building Industry Partners, has invested in and recapitalized Binford Supply, a Dallas-based residential and commercial fencing distributor"
" AVI-SPL, a Tampa, Fla.-based audio visual software company backed by HIG Capital, has acquired VideoLink, a Boston-based broadcast company. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" TPG Real Estate, a Fort Worth, Texas-based real estate investment firm and TPG Capital subsidiary, has completed its purchase of A&O Hotels and Hostels, a Berlin-based hostel platform. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ: ARCC) has completed its previously announced acquisition of American Capital, Ltd. (NASDAQ: ACAS) in a deal valued at $3.4 billion"
" Blackstone Group (NYSE:BX) is in advanced talks to purchase Sesac, a Nashville, Tenn.-based music rights manager, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" Intel (NasdaqGS:INTC) has purchased a 15% stake in Here Maps, Nokia’s former mapping unit that was acquired by the German carmakers Audi, BMW, and Daimler for $3 billion last year. Read more at Fortune"
" Sogou, China’s third-biggest search engine and a subsidiary of Sohu.com Inc. (NasdaqGS:SOHU), is preparing to sell about 10% of its shares in a U.S. IPO that would value the company at as much as $5 billion, according to a report by Bloomberg. Read more"
"  Xerox (NYSE:XRX) has spun off Conduent (NYSE:CNDT), its business services unit, into a separate company. Read more at Fortune"
" Braeburn Pharmaceuticals, a Princeton, N.J.-based pharmaceutical company that offers an implantable device to treat opioid addiction, has filed to raise up to $150 million in an initial public offering. It plans to list on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol BBRX. Pricing terms were not disclosed"
" Gary Vaynerchuk, a serial entrepreneur and CEO of the brand consulting agency VaynerMedia, has acquired PureWow, a New York City-based lifestyle media company aimed at millennial women. PureWow raised $2.5 million from investors including Melo7 Tech Partners and Lerer Hippeau Ventures"
" CBRE Group, Inc. (NYSE:CBG) has acquired Floored, a New York City-based developer of 3D modeling software for the real estate industry. Floored raised $7.4 million in funding from investors including Accel Partners, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, and Greycroft Partners"
" High Ridge Brands Co, a Stamford, Conn.-based hair and skin product manufacturer backed by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, has acquired Dr. Fresh, a Buena Park, Calif.-based provider of oral care products, from a private equity fund co-advised by NexPhase Capital and Moelis Capital Partners"
" The Riverside Company, a New York City-based private equity firm, has purchased Castlewood Treatment Center, a St. Louis, Mo.-based company that operates a chain of treatment centers for eating disorders, from Trinity Hunt Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Argosy Private Equity and MTN Capital have acquired Rita’s Water Ice Franchise Company, a Trevose, Pa.-based Italian ice chain, from Falconhead Capital. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Charlesbank Capital Partners, a Boston-based private equity firm, has sold Peacock Foods, a Geneva, Ill.-based manufacturer of chilled and frozen food, to Greencore Group plc. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Clairvest Group, a Toronto-based private equity firm, has sold Cieslok Media, a Toronto-based out-of-home advertising firm, to Bell Media Inc., a Toronto-based multimedia company. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Altus Capital Partners, a Wilton, Conn.-based private equity firm, has sold Rocla Concrete Tie, Inc., a Denver, Colo.-based concrete railroad ties manufacturer, to rail infrastructure supplier Vossloh Group. The deal earned Altus an estimated 4.5x return, according to the firm"
" Gamut Capital Management, a New York-based private equity firm, raised $1 billion for its debut fund"
" Versant Ventures, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm focusing on healthcare investments, raised $400 million for its sixth fund, which will target between 20 and 25 biotech companies in the U.S., Canada and Europe"
" SOSV Investments, a Cork, Ireland-based accelerator and venture capital firm, raised $150 million for SOSV III, its first fund open to external investors"
" David Epstein is joining Flagship Pioneering, a Cambridge, Mass.-based biotech-focused venture capital firm, as an executive partner, according to the Wall Street Journal. Previously, Epstein was the head of pharmaceuticals at Novartis AG (SWX:NOVN). Read more"
 Robin Bailey has been promoted to partner at Pantheon Ventures. Bailey was previously the firm’s chief financial officer
" TA Associates, a Boston-based private equity firm, has made a series of promotions: Birker Bahnsen is now a managing director, Ethan Liebermann is now a principal, Aditya Sharma is now a senior vice president, and Vivek Mohan is now a vice president"
 Max Chee and Michael Cichowski have joined Aquiline Capital Partners. Both will help develop the New York City-based private equity firm’s technology growth fund
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Visions: SoftBank has been purposely opaque about many aspects of Vision Fund, its $100 billion (!) tech investment fund, in part, because the fund isn’t closed yet and general solicitation rules prevent it from sharing much. (The company expects to announce a first close this month.) Yesterday the Vision Fund announced a few new LPs: Apple is putting in $1 billion; Qualcomm, Foxconn, and Larry Ellison will also invest."
"What’s in it for Apple? A chance to get a piece of SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son’s renowned investing instincts, for one. Son is known for his long-term vision and his oft-impulsive deals. Often, like with Alibaba and Yahoo, they have paid off handsomely. Other times they have led to prolonged misery and massive debt. (Ahem, Sprint.)"
"Of course, there are other theories: Is this a cynical political play? Is investing with a Friend-Of-Trump the new lobbying? Son has promised to deliver Trump 50,000 jobs. If Apple can take credit for those by association, could it take the heat off the company for its overseas manufacturing?"
But two big questions stick out to me:
"How will the shareholders of publicly traded corporate entities like Apple, Qualcomm and anyone else who invests, feel about together, paying Softbank approximately $1.6 billion a year in fees? The $100 billion fund is understood to have a traditional “2 & 20” fund structure, as Term Sheet has previously noted.How will Softbank decide which investments to make with the Vision Fund and which ones to do from its balance sheet? Just in December, SoftBank invested in $1 billion of its own cash into OneWeb, a New Jersey-based satellite company. Why not do that deal with the Vision Fund?"
"This answer (“unclear”) is complicated by how interconnected all the players are here. I attempted to draw a crude map of a few of the ride-sharing conflicts. Here are some other attempts to visualize this market. Everyone involved – Apple, Didi, Uber, SoftBank, Alibaba, Grab, Lyft, Ola, ARM Holdings, 99, Google, is in some way connected by investment to a competitor, a supplier, an investor or an ally. In some cases, all of the above. With the Vision Fund, this tangled web raises more questions about conflicts of interest (and even outright conflicts). It would be especially ugly if SoftBank decides to use the fund for acquisitions. I’m told Apple and the other investors will not be active LPs in the Vision Fund, which is an important distinction. But given the scope of the players involved and the size of the fund, each deal announcement will be a new ball of yarn to untangle."
"Layoff Watch: Medium has cut 50 staffers, or a third of its employees, as part of its year-end soul-searching. In a blog post, CEO and founder Evan Williams said the company had veered from its goal of defining a new model for online media. What this means for Term Sheet readers: Medium is valued at $600 million, not on the promise of its pretty content management system (and it is a very pretty one), but on the promise it will deliver a revolutionary new business model to the media industry. Williams has decided the answer is not in the model his company has been trying to fix – advertising – but something entirely new."
"IPO Watch: Lise Buyer of Class V Group published an op-ed on Fortune arguing that 2016 was actually a good year for tech IPOs, if you look at performance instead of volume. She writes:"
"Investors had 21 opportunities to participate in the tech IPO market in 2016, according to Renaissance Capital. Had they been brave enough to participate in all 21, they would have owned a basket of stocks that finished the year 39.8% above where they debuted. "
"For those keeping track, that is more than 5 times the returns on the NASDAQ composite index, which finished the year up a very healthy 7.5%. There’s not a long-only portfolio manager or a shareholder on the planet who would call that performance anything other than fabulous. Read the rest here."
"Quote of the day, CES edition: “Once everything is smart, nothing is.” –Matt Braun"
  Amazon and Forever 21 are looking at bankrupt American Apparel
  The complicated reasons TV advertising isn't dead
  Trump nominates Jay Clayton to lead the SEC
  More on Magento’s big funding. (This item has been updated. A previous version of the post misidentified the company receiving funding.
  10 global risks of 2017
"  Yep, your company needs a Chief AI Officer"
  Why the stagnant smartphone market may rebound this year
  A legal system with justice for some
  Why the Fed is worried about Trump
.....AND ELSEWHERE
"Ladies-only co-working. Men's jobs are disappearing, while jobs done by women are expanding -- but men don't want women's jobs. No one wants to pay $9.99 for your remix"
" 99, a Brazilian on-demand ride company, raised more than $100 million in funding. Didi Chuxing, China's largest ride-hailing company, led the round. Read more at Fortune"
" Neon Therapeutics, a Cambridge, Mass.-based immuno-oncology company developing therapeutic vaccines and T cell therapies to treat cancer, raised $70 million in Series B funding. Partner Fund Management led the round, and was joined by Third Rock Ventures, Access Industries, Fidelity Management & Research Company, Wellington Management Company, Inbio Ventures, and Nextech Invest"
" Namely, a New York City-based online human resource software platform for small and medium-sized businesses, raised $50 million in Series D funding. Altimeter Capital and Scale Venture Partners led the round, with participation from Sequoia Capital, Matrix Partners, True Ventures, Greenspring, and Four Rivers"
" scPharmaceuticals, Inc., a Boston-based biopharmaceutical company developing products for subcutaneous delivery, raised $45.6 million in Series B funding. OrbiMed and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries led the round, with participation from 5AM Ventures and Lundbeckfond Ventures"
" Fugue, Inc., a Frederick, Md.-based operating system for managing cloud-based workloads, raised $41 million in Series D funding. New Enterprise Associates led the round, and was joined by Maryland Venture Fund and Future Fund"
" Cerêve, a Pittsburgh-based company developing an FDA-cleared insomnia device, raised $38 million in Series B funding. KKR (NYSE:KKR) led the round, and was joined by Versant Ventures, Arboretum Ventures, and Partner Ventures"
" NeRRe Therapeutics, a U.K.-based company developing preclinical and clinical neurokinin receptor antagonists, raised £23 million ($28.3 million) in Series B funding. Fountain Healthcare Partners, Forbion Capital Partners, and OrbiMed led the round, with participation from Advent Life Sciences and Novo A/S"
" Reputation.com, a Redwood City, Calif.-based provider of online reputation management services, raised $20 million in funding. Ascension Ventures led the round, and was joined by August Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Icon Ventures, Kleiner Perkins, and Focus Ventures"
" Exact Imaging, a Markham, Canada-based developer of micro-ultrasound systems used for prostate biopsies, raised C$21.5 million ($16 million) in a Series C funding. Lumira Capital and Vesalius Biocapital led the round, with participation from PMV and iGan Partners/Rowanwood Ventures"
" Avidity Biosciences, a La Jolla, Calif.-based biotech company developing precision medicines for the treatment of cancer, raised $16 million in Series B funding. Takeda Pharmaceuticals led the round, and was joined by Alethea Capital, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Brace Pharma, EcoR1 Capital, F-Prime Capital, Moore Venture Partners, and Tavistock Life Sciences"
" Tracx, a New York City-based social media management company, raised $12.5 million in funding. Camden Partners led the round, and was joined by Edison Partners and Tracx CEO Rick Rudman"
" Zagster, a Cambridge, Mass.-based bike sharing company, raised $10 million in Series B funding. Edison Partners led the round"
" Klipfolio, an Ottawa-based provider of cloud-based business intelligence dashboards, raised C$12 million ($9 million) in a Series B funding. OMERS Ventures led the round, and was joined by BDC Capital, Mistral Venture Partners, Fundfire, BOLDstart Ventures, Acadia Woods, and Converge Venture Partners"
" NGDATA, a Belgian developer of data management systems, raised $9.4 million in Series B funding. Idinvest Partners led the round, and was joined by Pamica, SmartFin Capital, Capricorn Venture Partners, Nausicaa Ventures, and angel investors"
" Molecular Stethoscope, a San Diego, Calif.-based biotechnology company developing blood-based early detection and disease monitoring tests, raised $8.2 million in seed financing from DCVC, Pfizer (NYSE: PFE), and Index Ventures"
" Show My Homework, a London-based homework management platform, raised £2.4 million ($3 million) in seed extension funding. LocalGlobe led the round"
" ekWateur, a Paris-based alternative electricity and gas supplier, raised €2 million ($2.1 million) in Series A funding. Aster led the round, and was joined by BNP Paribas Développement and Bouygues Telecom Initiatives"
" ClearScholar, an Indianapolis, Ind.-based developer of student engagement software, raised $1.25 million in funding from High Alpha Capital, Elevate Ventures, Butler University, and several angel investors"
" Avizia, a Reston, Va.-based telehealth platform, raised an additional $1 million in Series A funding, closing the round at $18 million. Investors include Northwell Ventures, HealthQuest Capital, and NewYork-Presbyterian"
" Slack, a San Francisco-based chat platform for team collaboration, invested an undisclosed amount in 11 bot startups via its venture capital arm, the Slack Fund. Read more at Fortune"
" The Carlyle Group (NasdaqGS:CG) has completed its acquisition of Claritas, which provides consumer segmentation analysis for marketers, from Nielsen (NYSE: NLSN). Terms of the transaction were not disclosed"
" NewSpring Holdings, a division of NewSpring Capital, has acquired Vertical Management Systems, a Pasadena, Calif.-based provider of accounting and securities process-and-control services"
" KKR (NYSE:KKR) has made a $60 million investment in Slayback Pharma, a Princeton Junction, N.J.-based pharmaceutical company"
" Lonsdale Capital Partners completed a management buyout of P2 Consulting, a London-based project management company. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Clayton, Dubilier & Rice closed its previously announced investment in Drive DeVilbiss Healthcare, a Port Washington, N.Y.-based medical equipment distributor and manufacturer. Terms were not disclosed"
" W.W. Williams, a Columbus, Ohio-based industrial products distributor backed by One Equity Partners, has acquired Desert Fleet-Serv Inc, a Phoenix-based mobile provider of maintenance and repair services for diesel trucks and trailers. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Kenex Holdings has acquired Bubbies Homemade Ice Cream & Desserts, an Aiea, Hawaii-based manufacturer of mochi ice cream"
" Dash Financial, a Chicago-based trading tech provider, and LiquidPoint, Convergex‘s options trading and tech business, have agreed to merge. The combined financial tech company will operate as Dash Financial Technologies. Convergex is a GTCR portfolio company, and Dash Financial Technologies will be majority-owned by the firm. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" North American Substation Services, an Altamonte Springs, Fla.-based provider of repair and maintenance services for high voltage equipment, has acquired Nomos Systems, a Quebec City-based maker of control cabinets for high-voltage electrical equipment including transformers and breakers. North American Substation Services is backed by Industrial Growth Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" BelHealth Investment Partners has acquired Care Advantage Inc, a Richmond, Va.-based provider of home healthcare and related services. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" JMI Equity has invested in Healthx, Inc., an Indianapolis, Ind.-based healthcare technology company"
" Frontier Capital has acquired a majority stake in AccessOne, a financial engagement platform that helps patients manage their out-of-pocket healthcare costs"
" Ardian has acquired a minority stake in Piz’wich, a French frozen snack manufacturer"
" Gartner (NYSE:IT) has agreed to acquire CEB Inc. (NYSE:CEB) for $2.6 billion. CEB shareholders will receive $77.25 for each CEB share ($54 in cash and 0.23 Gartner shares), which represents a premium of about 25% to CEB’s closing price on Wednesday"
" Amazon (NasdaqGS:AMZN) and Forever 21 Inc are among the companies considering bids to acquire American Apparel, a Los Angeles-based fashion retailer that filed for bankruptcy in November. Read more at Fortune"
" Stanley Black & Decker (NYSE:SWK) has agreed to purchase Sears’ (NasdaqGS:SHLD) Craftsman tool line for $900 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" China Mengniu Dairy (SEHK:2319) has made an offer to acquire China Modern Dairy Holdings (SEHK:1117) for $826 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Castlight Health, Inc. (NYSE: CSLT) has agreed to acquire Jiff, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based HIPAA-compliant social network and digital health apps platform. Jiff raised $67.5 million from investors including Venrock, GE Ventures, and Aeris Capital"
" Comcast (NasdaqGS:CMCS.A) has acquired Watchwith, a San Francisco-based native digital video ad platform, according to Variety. Watchwith raised around $15 million from investors including Rogers Venture Partners, Samsung, Arris Group and Gracenote. Read more"
" Solera Holdings, Inc., a Westlake, Texas-based risk and asset management software company, has agreed to buy Autodata, a U.K.-based provider of technical information for the automotive aftermarket, from Bowmark Capital and Rothschild & Co’s Five Arrows Principal Investments. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Speyside Equity has acquired Western Industries, Inc., a Watertown, Wis.-based manufacturer of consumer packaged products, from Graham Partners"
" Neuberger Berman, a New York City-based investment manager, raised $2.5 billion for its fourth private equity secondary fund"
 Apple (NasdaqGS:AAPL) will invest $1 billion in a tech fund being set up by SoftBank Group Corp. (TSE:9984). Read more at Fortune
" Samsung NEXT, Samsung’s (KOSE:A005930) investment arm, raised $150 million for a fund that will finance early-stage startups specializing in artificial intelligence, virtual reality, and Internet-connected devices. Read more at Fortune"
" Digitalis Ventures, a New York City-based venture capital firm, raised $100 million for a fund that will invest in seed and early-stage healthcare companies"
 Elizabeth Stewart has joined Fenwick Brands as director of investments. Stewart previously worked at Harbert Management Corporation
" Tim Lawler has joined Waud Capital Partners as principal of human capital. Previously, Lawler founded T4 Capital Talent, an executive search firm serving private equity funds and their portfolio companies"
 Ira Wolfson has joined Evercore’s (NYSE: EVR) investment banking business as a senior managing director. Wolfson was previously an executive vice chairman at Rothschild & Co in New York
 Carol Lindstrom has joined Carrick Capital Partners as a special adviser. Lindstrom was previously vice chairman of Deloitte LLP
http://fortune.com/newsletter/termsheet
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Unicorn Watch: Yesterday I interviewed Xiaomi CFO Shou Zi Chew, formerly a partner at DST Global. Xiaomi, valued at $45 billion, is at CES hoping to deliver on its promise of a broad tech ecosystem offering a variety of services and products beyond smartphones. My colleague Scott Cendrowski described this plan as “more ambitious than Apple” in an excellent profile of the company from last summer. To achieve its goal, Xiaomi has incubated and made minority investments in 77 different startups, building products like a fitness tracker and a smart pen that detect water impurities. Those companies get access to Xiaomi’s supply chain, marketing, and a team of 200-some engineers."
"It’s a stark contrast to the way U.S. tech giants keep their investments cordoned off in separate VC arms (that is, until they acquire them outright, in some cases). Chew insists Xiaomi has no desire to own its incubated startups. The symbiotic relationship is more valuable."
"Elsewhere at CES: Fortune hosted its annual Brainstorm Tech CMO dinner. Andrew Ng, Chief Scientist at Baidu, warned executives in the audience that “AI is the new electricity.” Companies need a Chief AI Officer (CAIO?) to help them navigate the complicated early days of the field, he said."
"Later a panel of chief marketing officers from Visa, AT&T and StubHub defended their spending on TV advertising, noting that it’s all about live content. (The vast majority of 2016’s most-watched TV was live.) An audience member wanted to know: Who are you selling to? Nobody under the age of 50 watches TV anymore! StubHub CMO Jennifer Betka, who walked on stage wearing a pair of Snapchat Spectacles, said it’s all about the mix, and TV is still the “anchor.” Only two other people in the audience of around 80 people had ever even used Spectacles."
"They could have grabbed a pair at the lone Spectacles vending machine spotted in Vegas for the week. Aside from that, Snap has been absent from the CES noise. It seems odd for a company that’s new to the consumer hardware game to skip the biggest consumer hardware show of the year. But after wandering the convention floor (and getting momentarily trapped inside a crowded Samsung Smart Home) I think Spectacles, a simple plastic device with a single functionality, might have felt out of place on the floor next to shiny connected cars, immersive VR experiences, cages full of drones carrying expensive 360-degree cameras and the an endless array of the biggest, shiniest, thinnest, curviest screens on earth. Besides, Snap always zigs when everyone else zags."
"In other Snap news: A former employee has sued the company. The employee, terminated after three weeks at the company, accuses Snap of inflating its metrics in the run-up to its IPO. Most of the suit is redacted, though Variety reports that some of the redacted information may become public if it is not deemed in violation of Snap’s confidentiality agreement. Snap has said the suit has no merit."
"Not So Fast: Odds that two widely-followed deals will close are looking less sure. Trump reportedly still opposes Time Warner-AT&T deal (despite indications to the opposite) and Verizon is still on the fence about its acquisition of Yahoo. Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes has already been publicly hedging, saying Time Warner “doesn’t need a Plan B” in recent interviews. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, on the other hand, has been out of the public eye. We’ll likely next hear from her in early February, when Yahoo reports its quarterly earnings."
"Correction: YES, I meant to say Magento, not Marketo, in this link in yesterday’s Term Sheet. I blame Vegas."
  Nvidia’s big gamble
  A $91 billion holiday season
  Big distillers invest in more craft competitors
  The investments we’re making – and not making – in digital health
  Amazon Alexa’s big week
  Trading on Trump’s tweets
.....AND ELSEWHERE
Why have Facebook’s weekly staff meetings never leaked? The fallout of Medium’s pivot. A winery battling climate change with falcons and drones. Digging into the spike in non-tech startup deals.
" Bitglass, a Campbell, Calif.-based cloud security access broker, raised $45 million in funding. Future Fund led the round, and was  joined by New Enterprise Associates, Norwest Venture Partners, Innov8, and others. Read more at Fortune"
" AOBiome, a Cambridge, Mass.-based company developing skin products that restore the body's ammonia-oxidizing bacteria, raised $30 million in funding from iCarbonX"
" Arcadia Healthcare Solutions, a Burlington, Mass.-based electronic health record data aggregation and analytics company, raised $30 million in funding. Investors include Merck Global Health Innovation Fund, GE Ventures, Peloton Equity, Zaffre Investments, and Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners"
" Payfone, a New York City-based mobile authentication company, raised $23.5 million in Series E funding. BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners and Andrew Prozes led the round, with participation from Strauss Zelnick, Maclab Development Group,Transaction Network Services, RRE Ventures, Opus Capital, Relay Ventures, Early Warning Services, American Express Ventures, Verizon Ventures, and Rogers Venture Partners"
" HealthWatch, an Israeli smart clothing startup, raised $20 million in funding from Shijiazhuang Yiling Pharmaceuticals, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" BlackThorn Therapeutics, a San Francisco-based clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing targeted treatments for neurobehavioral disorders, raised an additional $14 million in Series A funding (which brings the round to $54 million) from GV and Biomatics Capital"
" Mediafly, a Chicago-based maker of software for salespeople, raised $10 million in funding from Boathouse Capital"
" Integrated Diagnostics, a Seattle-based developer of blood-based molecular diagnostics tools, raised $6.1 million in funding from Baird Capital and InterWest Partners"
" Therachon AG, a French biotechnology company focused on rare genetic diseases, raised an additional $5 million in Series A funding, closing the round at $40 million. Investors include Versant Ventures, Inserm Transfer Initiative, OrbiMed, and Banque publique d'investissement"
" Blockstack Inc, a San Francisco-based developer of blockchain 2.0 applications for the financial services industry, raised $4 million in Series A funding. Union Square Ventures led the round, and was joined by Lux Capital, Naval Ravikant, Digital Currency Group, Compound, Version One, Kal Vepuri, and Rising Tide"
" Weedingtech, a London-based developer of a herbicide-free weed killer, raised £3 million ($3.7 million) in funding from Calculus Capital"
" Jupiter Orphan Therapeutics, a Jupiter, Fla.-based pharmaceutical company developing therapies for rare diseases, raised $2 million in funding from Tarnagulla Ventures"
" Sense, a platform that monitors and interprets power usage and activity for appliances and devices in the home, raised an additional $1 million in Series A funding from iRobot Ventures, closing the round at $15 million"
" Bardy Diagnostics, a Charlotte, N.C.-based developer of a cardiac arrhythmia monitoring devices, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from SV Life Sciences Advisers, Health Enterprise Partners, Ascension Ventures, and Square 1 Bank"
" Carlyle Group LP (NasdaqGS:CG) is considering selling New York-based Nature’s Bounty Co., a nutritional-supplements maker, for as much as $6 billion, according to a report by Bloomberg. Read more"
" Bain Capital and Advent are close to acquiring Concardis, a German debit and credit card payment transaction services company, for about €700 million ($741 million), according to a report by Reuters. Read more"
" Belcan, a Cincinnati-based supplier of engineering and technical recruiting services to the aerospace, industrial and government services industries, has acquired The Kemtah Group, an Albuquerque, N.M.-based IT services management company. Belcan is an AE Industrial Partners portfolio company"
" Gauge Capital has acquired Miami Beach Medical Group, a Miami Beach, Fla.-based operator of seven Florida medical clinics"
" Primus Capital has invested an undisclosed amount in Payspan, an Atlanta-based provider of reimbursement solutions to the healthcare industry"
" Impact Sales, a Boise, Idaho-based sales and marketing agency for companies in the consumer packaged goods industry, has acquired Harlow-HRK Sales & Marketing Inc, an Ohio-based sales and marketing agency. Impact Sales is owned by CI Capital Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" The Riverside Company and The Silverfern Group have acquired Waste Services Group, a Melbourne, Australia-based waste management company. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Compuware Corp., a Detroit-based mainframe software company, has acquired MVS Solutions, a Markham, Canada-based developer of batch automation software. Terms were not disclosed. (This item has been corrected to accurately identify Compuware Corp.'s business)."
" Constellation Brands (NYSE:STZ) has made minority investments in Catoctin Creek Distilling Company, a Virginia-based whisky and gin distillery, and Bardstown Bourbon Company, a Kentucky-based whiskey, bourbon, and rye producer. Read more at Fortune"
" Jet.com, through its parent company Walmart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT), has acquired ShoeBuy, a Boston-based ecommerce site selling shoes, apparel and accessories, from IAC (NasdaqGS:IAC) for around $70 million"
" Meredith (NYSE:MDP) has approached Time Inc (NYSE:TIME) to express interest in a potential merger, according to a report by Bloomberg. Read more"
" Bitcasa, a Palo Alto-based company that specialized in helping customers securely store their data on a variety of cloud services, has shut down. Bitcasa raised about $21 million in funding from Horizons Ventures, Pelion Venture Partners, and others. Read more at Fortune"
" Frontier Airlines, a Denver, Colo.-based low-cost carrier, is preparing for an initial public offering, according to a report by The New York Times. The company is seeking to raise about $500 million, which would value it at about $2 billion. Read more at Fortune"
" Net2Phone, a subsidiary of IDT Corporation (NYSE:IDT), has acquired LiveNinja, a Miami-based live messaging and video chat app, according to the Miami Herald. LiveNinja raised $3 million from investors including Scout Ventures, Citi Ventures, and Start Capital. Read more"
" Graphite Capital has agreed to sell UK-based Micheldever Tyre Services, a U.K.-based car and motorcycle tire distributor, to Sumitomo Rubber Industries for £215 million ($265.5 million)"
" Transom Capital Group has acquired American Driveline Systems, a Horsham, Pa.-based franchisor of the AAMCO and Cottman Transmission & Total Car Care brands, from American Capital (NasdaqGS:ACAS). Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Lincolnshire Management has sold National Pen, a San Diego, Calif.-based manufacturer and marketer of custom pens, to Cimpress N.V. (Nasdaq: CMPR) for around $218 million"
" Novacap has sold Oxford Networks, a Lewiston, Maine-based fiber-optic bandwidth infrastructure services provider, to Oak Hill Capital"
" Hatteras Venture Partners, a Durham, N.C.-based early-stage venture capital firm that invests in life sciences and healthcare companies, raised $150 million for its fifth fund"
" Jeffrey Sung has resumed his role as partner at Method Advisors. In addition, Alexander Qirjazi and Kendall Valencia have joined the firm as analysts"
" David Schiller has joined Summit Partners as chief investor relations officer. Previously, Schiller was a managing director at Renaissance Institutional Management"
 Mark Briggs is now a senior advisor at Silversmith Capital Partners
 Clearsight Advisors has promoted Alex Johnston and Kyle McNickle from associates to vice presidents
" Versant Ventures has made several additions to its investment team: Clare Ozawa is now a managing director, Alex Mayweg and Mary Haak-Frendscho are now venture partners, and Lloyd Segal and Rahul Ballal are now entrepreneurs-in-residence at the firm’s Montreal and Boston office, respectively"
" Sean Kearney and Khalid Alkelabi have joined Greenstone Equity Partners as chief operating officer and managing director of investor relationships, respectively"
" Riverside Partners has made a series of promotions. Michelle Noon and Max Osofsky are now general partners, David Del Papa is now a partner, and Chris Ryan is now a principal"
" Nav Rahemtulla and Adam Stein, who both resigned from Ares Management (NYSE:ARES) last summer, are raising money for a new private equity fund, according to Reuters. Read more"
" William K. Bowes Jr, founder of the early-stage Silicon Valley venture firm USVP, died on Wednesday. Born in San Francisco in 1926, Bowes earned a BA in economics from Stanford University, an MBA from Harvard University and, as a senior partner in corporate finance at Blyth & Co, served as the lead underwriter of both Hewlett-Packard and Raychem. Read more about his life here"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
Have a great weekend!
"Good morning, readers. Some quick notes to kick off your week."
This morning’s big exit comes from Trello. The New York City-based software company sold to Atlassian for $425 million ($360 million of which is cash). A few notes:
"It’s a healthy exit for Trello’s investors – sources tell Term Sheet the deal will deliver a multiple of around 10x. The company had raised $10.3 million from Index, Spark Capital and BoxGroup. Trello had sold just 22% of its shares to investors."
"That means it’s an especially big exit for the Trello’s founders and Fog Creek Software, the business that incubated and spun off Trello in 2014. Fog Creek and Trello were started by Michael Pryor and Joel Spolsky, who investors call the most “under-the-radar” founders in New York. (Pryor is CEO of Trello and Spolsky is CEO of Stack Exchange, another Fog Creek spin-off that has raised $40 million.)"
"Even though it’s rare for a startup to spin off two different, successful products, Fog Creek is not an incubator or startup studio. The company recently appointed Anil Dash as its CEO to help it launch an app-building platform called Gomix."
"Atlassian and Trello’s products have some overlap, my colleague Barb Darrow notes, but Atlassian President Jay Simons says they are more complimentary. Simons sees Trello fitting in between Atlassian's existing Confluence software and JIRA, Darrow reports."
"The Cyber: At any given time, at least two of the top stories on Techmeme are about another major hacking situation. (Today: MongoDB and ESEA.) We’re becoming numb to the headlines; we expect everyone will get hacked at some point. But each situation has profound implications for the businesses it affects. Sony is still recovering from the hack of the century. Yahoo faces an existential crisis because of its hack."
"Venture capital and the startup community know this means major opportunity. But it’s becoming clear that they’re not alone: Big enterprise tech companies see it, too."
"This morning Microsoft and Qualcomm invested an undisclosed amount in Team8, a cybersecurity startup studio based in Israel. The company is led by the veterans of Unit 8200, Israel’s digital intelligence unit, which my colleague Robert Hackett notes is often referred to as the country’s National Security Agency-equivalent. Microsoft and Qualcomm follow Cisco, Altatel-Lucent and Innovation Endeavors, which all invested in Team8 in 2015."
So far the incubator has created two standalone cybersecurity companies. It plans to create five by next year. They could wind up being owned by Team8’s investors.
"Microsoft is big on Israeli cybersecurity. In 2015 the company acquired Aorato, an Israeli application firewall startup, for a reported $200 million. Last July, it bought up Adallom, an Israeli cloud security company, for a reported $320 million. In October, the company bought Secure Islands, an Israeli data security firm."
"AI: Alexa “won” CES, meaning voice is the new bot. That sound you hear is dozens of “bot” startups repositioning themselves as AI companies."
Fashion Industry’s Turn: Venture investors might want to start reading the New York Times Style section. There they’ll find fashion designers spouting the Andreessen Horowitz thesis. From a recent profile on designer Tamara Mellon:
"“Basically, every industry will be eaten by technology,” Ms. Mellon said. “Right now, it’s the fashion industry’s turn.”"
"Mellon’s company is testing whether luxury brands can really, actually, finally, go direct-to-consumer via digital. She took a $12 million investment from NEA after emerging from a pre-packaged bankruptcy in 2015."
"That story of (potential) fashion industry redemption contrasts squarely with another direct-to-consumer fashion bankruptcy, at a slightly lower price point: Nasty Gal, which raised $65 million in venture funding, was the ultimate digital-first apparel brand. In November the company restructured, having prioritized top line growth over profitability. Boohoo.com, a British e-commerce site, bid $20 million for the assets. This morning the companies announced the U.S. Bankruptcy court approved the sale."
  The markets were actually pretty normal in 2016
  FBI arrests Volkswagen exec
  Shkreli suspended from Twitter
  Some of the coolest gadgets we found at CES
  Kushner chases a Chinese deal
  Robot questions
  Ethics concerns about rush to confirm Trump’s nominees
  Hyperloop One plans tests
"  This week’s Fortune Unfiltered podcast features Tom Farley, President of NYSE Group"
"  The iPhone launch, ten years later. What the iPhone can teach business"
…AND ELSEWHERE
"The statutory glue behind everything you love and hate about the internet. Trump’s Twitter account: security disaster-in-waiting. The next advertising frontier is the windshield… what could go wrong? Yugoslavian computer magazine cover girls of the 80s and 90s. Buyout deals slow, firms get creative. New power brokers in Trump’s Washington."
" Grail, a life sciences company focused on early cancer detection that operates as a subsidiary of Illumina Inc. (NasdaqGS:ILMN), is seeking to raise over $1 billion in Series B funding"
" CiVi Biopharma, a San Francisco-based biopharmaceutical developing treatments for cardiometabolic diseases, raised $40 million in Series A funding from Tavistock Group‘s Boxer Capital"
" Cavion, a Charlottesville, Va.-based clinical stage pharmaceutical company developing cancer-treatment drugs, raised $26.1 million funding. Lilly Ventures and Novartis Venture Fund led the round, with participation from Enso Ventures and additional existing investors"
" Microbion Corp, a Bozeman, Mo.-based biopharmaceutical company developing treatments for antibiotic-resistant infections, raised $25 million in funding from Quark Venture and GF Securities"
" SiteOne, a Bozeman, Mo.-based developer of pain therapeutics and diagnostic tools, raised $15 million in Series B funding. Amgen led the round, and was joined by Next Frontier Capital, 2M Companies Inc., Mission Bay Capital, Sears Capital Management, Biobrit LLC, and Z Investments"
" Satsuma Pharmaceuticals, a San Francisco-based pharmaceutical company focused on treating migraines, raised $12 million Series in A funding. RA Capital Management and TPG Biotech led the round"
" MyTomorrows, an Amsterdam-based a platform to help patients and physicians track treatments, raised €10 million ($10.5 million) in funding, according to TechCrunch. EQT Ventures and Octopus Ventures led the round, with participation from Balderton Capital, and Sofinnova Partners. Read more"
" Blue Pillar, an Indianapolis, Ind.-based provider of power and energy management services for facilities, raised $10 million in funding. Investors include GXP Investments, Elevate Ventures, EnerTech Capital, Allos Ventures, Arsenal Venture Partners, and Claremont Creek Ventures"
" Eleven James, a New York City-based annual membership club for watch rentals, raised around $9 million in new VC funding, according to an SEC filing"
" HousingAnywhere.com, a Dutch rental listings platform for students, raised €5 million ($5.3 million) from Real Web and VC firm henQ, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" MatriSys Bioscience, a La Jolla, Calif-based company developing microbiome skin care treatments, raised $1.5 million in funding. Tech Coast Angels led the round"
" Team8, an Israel-based incubator for cyber security startups, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Microsoft (NasdaqGS:MSFT) and Qualcomm’s (NasdaqGS:QCOM) venture arms. Read more at Fortune"
" Carlyle Group LP (NasdaqGS:CG) is considering selling New York-based Nature’s Bounty Co., a nutritional-supplements maker, for as much as $6 billion, according to a report by Bloomberg. Read more"
" Bain Capital and Advent are close to acquiring Concardis, a German debit and credit card payment transaction services company, for about €700 million ($741 million), according to a report by Reuters. Read more"
" Belcan, a Cincinnati-based supplier of engineering and technical recruiting services to the aerospace, industrial and government services industries, has acquired The Kemtah Group, an Albuquerque, N.M.-based IT services management company. Belcan is an AE Industrial Partners portfolio company"
" Gauge Capital has acquired Miami Beach Medical Group, a Miami Beach, Fla.-based operator of seven Florida medical clinics"
" Primus Capital has invested an undisclosed amount in Payspan, an Atlanta-based provider of reimbursement solutions to the healthcare industry"
" Impact Sales, a Boise, Idaho-based sales and marketing agency for companies in the consumer packaged goods industry, has acquired Harlow-HRK Sales & Marketing Inc, an Ohio-based sales and marketing agency. Impact Sales is owned by CI Capital Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" The Riverside Company and The Silverfern Group have acquired Waste Services Group, a Melbourne, Australia-based waste management company. Financial terms were not disclosed"
 Citic Capital Holdings and the Carlyle Group (NasdaqGS:CG) have agreed to purchase an 80% stake in McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) China operations for around $2.08 billion. The agreement is for 20 years. Read more at Fortune
" Onex Corp (TSX:ONEX) is close to reaching a deal to buy Ferrara Candy Company, an Oakbrook Terrace, Ill.-based candy and snack manufacturer, from L Catterton for around $1.3 billion, including debt, according to a report by Reuters. Read more"
" Bain Capital Private Equity has acquired MSX International, a Detroit-based provider of specialized technology-based services to the automotive industry"
" Harvest Partners SCF is leading an $125 million recapitalization and minority investment in Roland Foods, a New York City-based speciality foods importer owned by Vestar Capital Partners"
" One Equity Partners has acquired Anvil International, an Exter, N.H.-based pipe fittings manufacturer, from Mueller Water Products (NYSE:MWA). Financial terms were not disclosed"
" McCubbin Hosiery, an Oklahoma City-based hosiery manufacturer backed by Guardian Capital Partners, has acquired Robeez, a Richmond, Ind.-based baby footwear brand, from Wolverine World Wide Inc (NYSE:WWW). Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Bow River Capital Partners, has acquired Irvine, Calif.-based RailPros Inc and Grapevine, Texas-based RailPros Field Services, providers of outsource engineering and safety services to the freight and transit and commuter rail industries"
" LLR Partners has acquired BluVector, a provider of machine learning threat detection and cyber hunting services, from Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE: NOC). Terms were not disclosed"
" Trilantic North America has acquired a majority stake in United Subcontractors, Inc., a St. Paul, Minn.-based manufacturer of installed insulation services"
" Pamplona Capital Management has formed a new business offering management services to assist physician practices called Formativ Health alongside Northwell Health, a New York state-based health care provider. Both Northwell Health and Pamplona invested capital to create Formativ, though deal terms were not disclosed"
" Neiman Marcus, a Dallas, Texas-based luxury fashion retailer, is withdrawing its initial public offering. The department store operator reported five straight quarters of declining comparable sales. Read more at Fortune"
" Trello, a San Francisco-based collaborative web and mobile app, has been acquired by Atlassian (NasdaqGS:TEAM) for about $425 million (about $360 million of that will be in cash, the rest in restricted Atlassian shares.) Trello raised $10.3 million from investors including Index Ventures and Spark Capital. Read more at Fortune"
" Ardian has sold its majority stake in Altares, a French data company, to Naxicap Partners"
" Schlumberger (NYSE:SLB) has acquired Peak Well Systems, a Perth, Australia-based designer and developer of advanced downhole tools for well maintenance, from Summit Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Sun Capital Partners has completed the sale of Lexington Home Brands, a Thomasville, N.C.-based manufacturer and marketer of residential and contract furnishings. Terms were not disclosed"
" Axiom Asia Private Capital, a Singapore-based private equity and venture capital firm, raised $1 billion for its fourth fund, Axiom Asia IV"
" Carousel Capital, a Charlotte, N.C.-based private equity firm, raised $400 million for its fifth buyout fund"
" PivotNorth Capital, a Menlo Park, Calif.based early-stage venture capital firm investing in software companies, raised an undisclosed amount to close its third fund"
" Vista Equity Partners received approval from investors to raise the $10 billion upper limit for its sixth fund by $500 million, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" Clayton, Dubilier & Rice has promoted Sarah Kim, Stephen Shapiro, Derek Strum, and JL Zrebiec from principals to partners"
" Frazier Healthcare Partners has made a series of promotions: Dan Estes is now a partner, Remy Durand is now a vice president, and Jamie Brush is now a senior associate"
" Scott Graves has joined Ares Management (NYSE:ARES) as a partner in the firm’s private equity group. Previously, Graves was Oaktree Capital Management’s head of credit strategies and portfolio manager of multi-strategy credit"
 Steve Duke and Sean Murphy have been promoted to managing directors at Harvest Partners SCF
 Aly Champsi has been promoted to managing director and partner at DW Healthcare Partners
 Bryan Sekino has joined Vesey Street Capital Partners as chief financial officer. Larry Marsh and David De Luca have also joined the firm as general partners
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Jocelyn Goldfein has worked on some of Silicon Valley’s most iconic products: She spent seven years as an engineering leader at VMware and four years at Facebook. She even interned at Netscape. In 2014, she started angel investing as a “DIY entrepreneur-in-residence” program -- a way to connect with entrepreneurs, learn, and find inspiration for her next startup. But she quickly discovered she was most energized by working with a variety of teams across industries and companies."
Now she’s making investing her full-time job. Goldfein has joined Zetta Venture Partners as a partner.
"Mark Gorenberg and Ash Fontana formed Zetta in 2013 to back early-stage software companies powered by artificial intelligence. Goldfein is Zetta’s third partner, joining its second fund, a $100 million vehicle, which closed in the fall. Goldfein’s mentor, VMware founder Diane Greene, introduced her to the firm. Zetta was among the backers of Greene’s last startup, Bebop, which sold to Google for $380."
"Goldfein is seeking to back AI companies that have significant “tech risk,” meaning they’re using artificial intelligence to solve novel problems. She’s looking at “places where data has been accumulating without our knowing it, or without our knowing what to do with it.” Agriculture, manufacturing, and IoT are all creating lots of interesting data, she noted."
"The recent hype around artificial intelligence is deserved, Goldfein says, “but there’s no free lunch.” In other words: These are hard problems to solve. “AI means rethinking how we fund startups, how we go to market, who we hire, what is our culture, how we organize, as well as issues around privacy and putting our own biases into our algorithms. There’s a lot to figure out.”"
"Here Is an AI Deal That Happened: Amazon doesn’t like to talk about its acquisitions. That’s why a year has gone by before anyone noticed the company’s cloud division quietly acquired Harvest.ai, a security startup. TechCrunch reported the deal valued the company around $20 million. Here’s how one investor described Amazon’s interest in the company:"
"Data leakage prevention was around for awhile but pretty clunky to implement. Machine learning makes it a lot easier and the customer can get instant value out of it. For AWS, it’s a no-brainer."
"While small, the deal is notable because of the frenzy of investments and acquisitions of AI companies in recent years. Last year AI companies set a new funding record, with nearly $5 billion in investments. Microsoft even launched a venture fund entirely dedicated to AI. For many, the bets are already paying off. Corporations including Google, IBM, Yahoo, Intel Apple and Salesforce acquired least 40 AI startups in 2016, according to CB Insights."
"Unicorn Watch: The unicorns are all grown up and funding ponies of their own. First there was Slack’s $80 million fund. Now, Airbnb is doing deals. Yesterday the company announced it led a $13 million investment into Resy, a restaurant booking app. This follows Airbnb’s push into travel guides and partnerships with travel-related services like Foursquare."
"Over the holiday, CEO Brian Chesky solicited product feedback on Twitter and hinted that the company would be making some big moves in a few interesting areas this year, including loyalty plans, group travel, and a subscription service to live on Airbnb (hmmm). The most interesting one, from a new revenue perspective, was flights. Too bad the company missed the chance to snap up flight booking startup (and fellow Y Combinator alum) Hipmunk – Concur acquired it in the fall."
"Sensing a pattern? Private companies are private, but even public companies like Amazon can keep M&A moves secret. If you see a deal, share a deal. Term Sheet tips are anonymous."
Term Actually Disclosed: Yesterday’s Term Sheet included an item on Mueller Water Products’ sale of Anvil International to One Equity Partners. The deal was for $315 million in cash.
  ALTABA
  The Obama era was officially terrible for hedge funds
  How Jack Ma is selling jobs to Trump
  Ivanka steps back
  Ford wants its own fully autonomous car by 2021
  Snapchat makes London its international HQ
"  Apple, Facebook and Google top Greenpeace energy report card"
  The global cost of smoking: $1 trillion a year
" Fortune’s Most Powerful Women OnStage podcast features Paula Schneider, CEO of DG Premium Brands, and former CEO of American Apparel. Listen here"
…AND ELSEWHERE
"We get the platforms we deserve. Suspended for calling out bigotry. The young Trump. Smart high heels? How Uber and gig economy companies use data to get their way with cities. How to see Netflix’s 76,000 hidden TV and movie genres. Prepare for law firm mergers."
" Premia Holdings, a Bermuda-based a property and casualty insurance and reinsurance group, raised $510 million in funding. Investors include Kelso & Company, and Arch Capital Group (NasdaqGS:ACGL)"
" Kaminario, a Needham, Mass.-based flash storage player, raised $75 million in funding. Waterwood led the round, and was joined by Sequoia, Pitango, Lazarus, Silicon Valley Bank, and Globespan Capital Partners. Read more at Fortune"
" Lalamove, a Hong Kong-based on-demand delivery service, raised $30 million in Series B funding. Xianghe Capital led the round"
" Ivantis Inc., an Irvine, Calif.-based company that makes a device designed to lower eye pressure for glaucoma patients, raised $25 million in Series C funding. RA Capital Management led the round, and was joined by Mérieux Développement and existing investors"
" Lola Travel, a Boston-based travel app, raised $15 million in Series B funding. Charles River Ventures led the round, and was joined by General Catalyst and Accel"
" MobileCause, a Calabasas, Calif.-based digital fundraising and communications platform for nonprofits, raised $15 million in Series B funding. Level Equity led the round"
" Phantom, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based security automation and orchestration platform, raised $13.5 million in Series B funding. Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers led the round, and was joined by existing investors TechOperators Venture Capital, Blackstone (NYSE: BX), Foundation Capital, In-Q-Tel, Rein Capital, Zach Nelson, and John W. Thompson"
" Resy, a New York City-based restaurant-booking app, raised $13 million in Series A funding. Airbnb led the round, and was joined by First Data Corporation, RSE Ventures, and Lerer Hippeau Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" Cloud Elements, a Denver-based provider of API integration and aggregation services, raised $13 million in Series B funding. Harbert Growth Partners led the round"
" Macrophage Pharma Limited, a U.K.-based company developing immunotherapies, raised £9 million ($10.9 million) in Series A funding. CRT Pioneer Fund led the round, with participation from Novo Seeds, and Aglaia Biomedical Ventures"
" Scandit, a San Francisco-based developer of mobile barcode scanning and data capture tools for smartphones, raised $7.5 million in Series A funding. Atomico led the round"
" QikServe, a U.K.-based B2B cloud-based platform for hospitality operators, raised £2.7 million ($3.4 million) in funding. Maven Capital Partners led the round, and was joined by Par Equity, Equity Gap, and Scottish Enterprise"
" Infocyte, a San Antonio, Texas-based enterprise malware and threat hunting technology company, raised $3.4 million in Series A funding. LiveOak Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Feik Enterprises, and Hollis Family Partnership"
" Choozle, a Denver-based real-time digital marketing platform, raised $2.4 million Series A-1 funding from Great Oaks Venture Capital, Gemini Group, and additional private investors"
" The Athletic, a subscription sports website, raised $2.3 million in seed funding. Courtside Ventures led the round"
" KWIPPED, a Wilmington, N.C.-based online B2B equipment rental marketplace, raised $1 million in funding. VentureSouth led the round"
" Activehours, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based app that enables workers to get paid on-demand, raised $22 million in Series A funding through a combination of debt and equity. Matrix Partners led the round, and was joined by March Capital Partners, Ribbit Capital, Felicis Ventures, and additional existing investors"
" Avalon Healthcare Solutions, a Tampa, Fla.-based laboratory benefits management, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Mosaic Health Solutions, BlueCross BlueShield of South Carolina, and Francisco Partners"
" Enfusion Systems, a Chicago-based online portfolio and risk management platform for hedge fund managers, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from FTV Capital"
" G Media Studios, a Providence, R.I.-based advertising company, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Primoris Wealth Advisors"
" Milk Makeup, a New York City-based cosmetics company, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Main Post Partners"
" Financial-Information-Technologies, a Tampa, Fla.-based provider of data, payment and software services to the beverage alcohol industry, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Luminate Capital Partners"
" Blue Sage Capital has acquired Broken Arrow Communications, an Albuquerque, N.M.-based company that offers installation, maintenance, and repair services for wireless communication facilities"
" Garden Fresh Restaurant Corp, a San Diego-based restaurant operator of chains including Souplantation and Sweet Tomatoes, has agreed to sell its assets to Cerberus Capital Management. Garden Fresh Restaurant Corp filed for bankruptcy in October"
" Dermatology Associates, a Tyler, Texas-based skin care company backed by ABRY Partners, has acquired three dermatology practices: Advanced Dermatologic Surgery in Houston, Dr. Bryan Townsend in Austin, and Dermatology and Laser Center of Fort Worth, Texas"
" Thompson Street Capital Partners has recapitalized Revenue Management Solutions, an Oklahoma City-based provider of revenue cycle management services for the healthcare industry. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" ARIAD Pharmaceuticals (NasdaqGS:ARIA) has agreed to be acquired by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company (TSE:4502) for $5.2 billion. At $24 per ARIAD share, the offer represents a 75% premium over the company’s closing price Friday"
" Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) and Shen Guo Jun, the founder of Intime Retail (SEHK:1833), have offered to buy the Beijing-based department store and mall operator private for HK$19.79 billion ($2.55 billion). At HK$10 per Intime Retail share, the bid represents a 42.3% premium over the company’s share price on Dec. 28. Read more at Fortune"
" Gildan Activewear Inc. (TSX:GIL) will acquire American Apparel, a Los Angeles-based retailer which filed for bankruptcy in November, after raising its bid for the company to around $88 million, according to a person familiar with the matter. Read more at Fortune"
" Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (NYSE:VRX) has agreed to sell three skin care lines, CeraVe, AcneFree, and Ambi, to L'Oreal (ENXTPA:OR) for about $1.3 billion in cash. It also agreed to sell Dendreon, its cancer unit, to Chinese industrial conglomerate Sanpower Group for $819.9 million. Read more at Fortune"
" Alphabet Inc. (NasdaqGS:GOOGL) is in talks to sell Skybox, the Mountain View, Calif.-based satellite imaging company it acquired for $500 million in 2014, to Planet Labs, a San Francisco-based satellite imaging startup, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
 Mars Inc. has agreed to acquire VCA (NasdaqGS:WOOF) for $7.7 billion
" Kyu, a New York City-based fashion and retail site, has acquired BEworks, a Toronto-based firm that uses behavioral economics to solve business and governmental challenges. The price was not disclosed. Read more at Fortune"
" Keane Group, a Houston, Texas-based provider of services for the hydraulic fracturing industry backed by Cerberus Capital, is seeking to raise $300 million in its initial public offering. Pricing terms have yet to be determined. It plans to trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol FRAC"
" Citrix (NasdaqGS:CTXS) has acquired Unidesk, a Marlborough, Mass.-based app management company. Unidesk raised $36.8 million from investors including Ignition Partners and Matrix Partners. Read more at Fortune"
" ParkOhio (NasdaqGS:PKOH) has acquired GH Electrotermia S.A., a Valencia, Spain-based manufacturer of induction heating products, from Miura Private Equity for about $31 million"
" The Wicks Group has recapitalized Invo HealthCare Associates, a Jamison, Pa.-based provider of therapeutic services for individuals and families with autism and special needs. The seller is Post Capital Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Amazon Web Services, Amazon’s (NasdaqGS:AMZN) cloud services unit, has acquired  harvest.ai, a San Diego-based cyber security firm, for around $20 million, according to TechCrunch. Harvest.ai raised $2.3 million from investors including Moonshots Capital and Trinity Ventures. Read more"
" Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) has acquired Vector Watch, a London-based smart watch brand, for an undisclosed amount, according to TechCrunch. Vector Watch, which launched last year, raised $12 million from backers including 3TS Capital Partners and Gecad Ventures. Read more"
" Morgan Stanley Capital Partners, Morgan Stanley’s (NYSE:MS) private equity platform, raised $1.5 billion for its sixth mid-market fund, North Haven Capital Partners VI"
" Varsity Healthcare Partners, a Los Angeles-based healthcare-focused venture capital and private equity firm, raised $300 million for its second fund"
" Gen Cap America, Inc., a Nashville-based private equity firm, raised $250 million for its seventh buyout fund, Southvest Fund VII, L.P"
" Pool Global Partners, a Toronto-based hard technology-focused venture capital firm, has raised an undisclosed amount for its first fund"
"The Knight Foundation, eBay founder Pierre Omidyar, LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman and other investors have formed a $27 million fund to invest in artificial intelligence research in the public interest"
" Yumin Choi has joined Bain Capital Ventures as a managing director leading the firm's healthcare investments. Previously, Choi led and managed healthcare investments at HLM Venture Partners"
" Michael Dempsey has joined Compound, a New York City-based early-stage venture capital firm, as a principal. Previously, Dempsey was a member of the investment team at Rothenberg Ventures"
" Greg Hughes, David Chung, and Bob Pender have joined HGGC as executive directors. The private equity firm also promoted Pat Dugoni to vice president, and hired James Herrmann as a business development officer"
" Matt Bigge has joined Crosslink Capital as a partner. Additionally, the firm has promoted  Omar El-Ayat to from president to partner"
" Harvest Partners has made a series of promotions: Andrew Schoenthal is now a senior managing director, Nick Romano is now a managing director, Michael Greenman, James Mitchel, and David Schwartz are now principals, and Steve Fessler is now a vice president"
 Pritzker Group Private Capital has promoted Brad West from vice president to principal
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here.
"Everything besides this news and Donald Trump’s scheduled press conference seems beside the point this morning, so here’s some venture data and private equity macro predictions to distract you. (If the topic of Trump, his business, and how his administration will affect regulation, finance, taxes and the economy is your thing, I suggest you check out Trumponomics Daily, Fortune’s newest newsletter, written by Tory Newmyer, our lead Washington writer. Sign up here.)"
Venture Data: Highlights from a new report from CB Insights and MoneyTree below.
" Dollars and deals are down: In the U.S., venture capitalists deployed $58.6 billion across 4,520 deals in 2016. That’s a 16% drop in capital and a 20% decline in deal volume over 2015. Globally, investment fell 23% and deal volume fell 10% over the year prior, driven by declines in the U.S. and Asia. (European funding actually rose ."
" AI is hot: Term Sheet has been a bit AI-obsessed lately, but for good reason. Deal volume grew 16% in Q4 over an already-hot 2015, and dollars invested grew 22%. (PS. Another day, another corporate VC backs another AI startup."
" Cyber and Auto-tech is not: The companies in these areas may be thriving, but venture capitalists pulled back on their investing in the last part of the year. Cybersecurity investment fell 51% from Q3; Auto-tech investments declined as well"
 Q4 was slow: Quarterly deal volume dropped to its lowest since 2011. View the full report here
Private Equity Outlook: KKR has published a collection of 100 charts detailing the macro-economic environment and what it means for the firm’s outlook. One part stuck out to me: KKR is often asked why private equity did not maintain its 400-500 basis point spread above public equities in this economic cycle. Here’s its answer:
"Key to our thinking is that private equity returns do not deliver as big a spread during the early-to-middle stages of a bull market, which is generally what happened this cycle too."
"Naturally, the firm believes its spread will return toward the end of this cycle, which it projects will last until 2019. Under President Trump, “meaningful government stimulus and fewer regulatory hurdles [will] unleash a virtuous cycle of confidence and investment.” (The firm also acknowledges the bear case, in which the administration rachets up trade tensions with little net fiscal stimulus, leading to recession.)"
"Inclusion: Ellen Pao is back investing in startups, though it’s only her part-time job. The Kapor Center for Social Impact has hired her as Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer. There, she’ll also back seed-stage companies focused on companies with a social mission (including education and healthcare), through Kapor Capital, the center’s investment arm. In 2015, Mitch Kapor and his wife Freada Kapor Klein pledged to invest $40 million towards initiatives aimed at helping women and underrepresented minorities advance in tech and entrepreneurship."
"Feedback: I’ve been experimenting with the length of this column as some have noted it can get unwieldy at times. I’d like to hear from you: Do you prefer short and sweet, or comprehensive and in-depth?"
 Amazon’s bananas
 Joel Hyatt’s new job
 Of Tillerson and taxes
 Delete your account
 What happens when you refuse to pay off hackers
 Chris Lattner to Tesla
 The worst corporate renamings
 Dr. AI
 Why stocks are expensive
 How Mary Barra plans to get more female engineers
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Subscription Escalades. We need startup Drano. Energy-conscious loans echo the subprime crisis. The heavy price of prisons run by CEOs. The grim silver lining of America’s opioid crisis – organ donations. Cursing and authenticity, cracking a joke and confidence. M&A boutiques face risk in Trump era."
" iZettle, a Stockholm-based provider of mobile payment services and applications for businesses and individuals, raised €60 million ($63 million)  in equity and debt"
" Panzura, a Campbell, Calif.-based hybrid cloud storage company, raised $32 million in funding.  Matrix Partners led the round, and was joined by Meritech Capital Partners, Opus Capital, Chevron, Western Digital, and an undisclosed strategic investor"
" HOOQ, a Singapore-based Netflix competitor for consumers in Philippines, Thailand, and India, raised $25 million in funding from Singtel, Sony Pictures, and Warner Brothers, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" FarmLogs, an Ann Arbor, Mich.-based data science company that provides online crop management software for farmers, raised a $22 million Series C funding. Naspers Ventures led the round, and was joined by Drive Capital, Huron River Ventures, Hyde Park Venture Partners, SV Angel, and Y Combinator president Sam Altman"
" POC Medical Systems, a Livermore, Calif.-based developer of a portable breast cancer screening test, raised $ 21 million in Series A funding. BioVentures Investors led the round, and was joined by Sirius America Insurance Company, IFG Healthcare, and MIA Investment Limited"
" Aledade, a Bethesda, Md.-based company that helps doctors form and operate accountable care organizations, raised $20 million in funding. Biomatics Capital led the round, and was joined by GV, Maryland Venture Fund, Venrock, and ARCH Venture Partners"
" CompareEuropeGroup, a London-based fintech startup, raised €20 million ($21 million) in Series A funding, according to EU Startups. Investors include ACE & Company, Pacific Century Group, Nova Founders Capital, SBI Holdings, Mark Pincus, and Peter Thiel. Read more"
" Adynxx, a San Francisco-based biopharmaceutical company developing drugs to treat chronic pain, raised $16 million in Series B funding. TPG Biotech led the round, and was joined by Domain Associates"
" Mighty AI (formerly Spare5), a Seattle-based platform that connects businesses with subject-matter experts to complete specialized tasks, raised $14 million in funding. The round was led by Intel Capital, with participation from Accenture Ventures, GV, Foundry Group, Madrona Venture Group, and New Enterprise Associates"
" PeraHealth, a Charlotte, N.C.-based provider of predictive, real-time patient monitoring software for hospitals, raised $14 million in funding from Mainsail Partners"
" Velocidi, a New York City-based marketing intelligence platform, raised $12 million in Series A funding. Pilot Growth Equity led the round, and was joined by Neuberger Berman Private Equity Funds"
" Logtrust, a business intelligence platform, raised $11 million in funding from Kibo Ventures, Investing Profit Wisely, and Atlantic Bridge Capital"
" Gravy Analytics, a Leesburg, Va.-based consumer intelligence platform that offers targeted marketing services, raised $7.7 million in funding. Spring Lake Equity Partners led the round, and was joined by Gaspar Global Ventures, Loeb Holding Corporation, and Richard Braddock"
" Trackforce, a San Diego, Calif.-based physical security software company, raised $7.4 million in funding from Five Elms Capital"
" Talkwalker, a Luxembourg-based social media analytics company, raised €5 million ($5.3 million) in funding from Main Mezzanine Capital"
"  Kuli Kuli, an Oakland, Calif.-based producer of moringa-based food products, raised $4.25 million Series A funding. Eighteen94 capital, Kellogg's (NYSE:K) venture capital fund, led the round, and was joined by InvestEco and S2G Ventures"
" Mac & Mia, a Chicago-based online children’s clothing retailer, raised $3 million in seed funding from Corazon Capital, Chicago Ventures, KGC Capital, and with unnamed angel investors"
" AdmitHub, a Boston-based company that provides college admission guidance for high school students, raised $2.95 million in a seed funding. Relay Ventures and Reach Capital led the round"
" Revl, a London-based events marketplace app for iOS, raised £2.4 million ($2.9 million) in seed funding from undisclosed investors, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" OLIO, a U.K.-based food sharing app for reducing food waste, raised $2.2 million in funding, according to Tech.eu. Investors include Accel, Quadia, and Mustard Seed. Read more"
" Yet Analytics, a Baltimore-based data analytics platform that helps businesses manage employees, raised $1 million in funding. Investors include Grotech Ventures and TCP Venture Capital"
" ClassWallet, a Miami-based platform that allows schools to track and manage funds,  raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Brentwood Associates"
" Immortals, a Los Angeles-based eSports franchise, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Lionsgate (NYSE:LGF.A)"
" Calera Capital has acquired a majority stake in Carnegie Fabrics, a Rockville Centre, New York-based manufacturer of sustainable textiles and wallcoverings"
" The Riverside Company has invested in Xcentric Mold & Engineering, a Clinton Township, Mich.-based maker of plastic molded parts for the defense, medical, aerospace, automotive, and consumer products industries"
" CHA Consulting, Inc., which is backed by Long Point Capital, has invested in American Fire Protection Inc., a Birmingham, Ala.-based provider of services involving the custom design, engineering, installation and maintenance of fire protection systems throughout the Southeast U.S. and internationally. [Update: A previous version of this article referenced the wrong company. The correct company is American Fire Protection Inc. in Birmingham, Ala., not the American Fire Protection Group in Edina, Minn."
" Arrowhead Electrical Products, a Blaine, Minn.-based distributor of rotating electrical parts backed by The Riverside Company and Investcorp, has acquired J&N, a Cincinnati-based distributor of aftermarket replacement rotating electrical parts and accessories. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Bluegarden, a Marlin Equity Partners portfolio company, has completed its acquisition of Medvind, a Stockholm-based provider of workforce management software, specializing in human resource planning and time management. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Industrial Opportunity Partners has acquired Union Corrugating Company, a Fayetteville, N.C.-based metal roofing and siding products manufacturer. Terms were not disclosed"
" Colony Capital (NYSE: CLNY), NorthStar Asset Management Group (NYSE: NSAM) and NorthStar Realty Finance (NYSE: NRF) have closed their previously announced merger to create Colony Northstar Inc. (NYSE:CLNS)"
" Main Capital has acquired a substantial stake in Artegic AG, a German provider of SaaS-based marketing automation software"
" Coty Inc (NYSE:COTY) has agreed to purchase a 60% stake in Younique, a Lehi, Utah-based cosmetics company, for about $600 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Babel Systems, a London-based processing platform for equities and bonds, has been acquired by InvestCloud, a Los Angeles-based fintech firm, for $20 million"
" Keane Group, a Houston, Texas-based provider of services for the hydraulic fracturing industry backed by Cerberus Capital, has set its IPO terms to 15.3 million shares being offered at between $17 and $19 per share. The company plans to trade on the NYSE under ticker symbol FRAC"
" GoFundMe, a San Diego, Calif.-based crowdfunding platform for personal life-events, acquired CrowdRise, a Detroit-based online fundraising platform for charities and non-profits. CrowdRise raised $31.4 million from investors including Bezos Expeditions, High Line Ventures, and Lowercase Capital, according to Pitchbook"
" Coupa Software (Nasdaq:COUP) has acquired the assets of Spend360 International., a U.K.-based provider of artificial intelligence and procurement solutions"
" Praesidian Capital has sold its stake in Arc Machines, Inc., a Pacoima, Calif.-based , automated orbital welding equipment manufacturer and distributor, for $8.5 million to an unidentified buyer"
" Vesey Street Capital Partners completed its recapitalization of HealthChannels, the parent company of ScribeAmerica, a Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based provider of medical scribe education, training, and management services. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Firelight Capital Partners, a New York City-based private equity firm focused on retail brands, has launched. [This item has been updated with the correct link."
" Constitution Capital Partners, a Boston-based private equity firm that focuses on North American small to mid-cap buyouts, raised $755 million for its fourth fund, Ironsides IV"
" Daniel Gross, the co-founder of search engine Cue, has joined Y Combinator as a partner. Previously, Gross was a director at Apple (Nasdaq:AAPL). He joined the company in 2013, when it acquired Cue for $40 million"
" Ellen Pao, the ex-CEO of Reddit, has joined Kapor Capital, the venture capital arm of Kapor Center for Social Impact, as a partner and diversity advocate. Read more at Fortune"
" Gen II Fund Services has promoted Amber Koiner, Kevin Mahnken, Peter Rosenstein, and Elise Silverman to managing directors"
" Highlander Partners, a Dallas-based private equity firm, has made a series of promotions: Michael R. Nicolais is now chief executive officer, Jeff L. Hull is now president, Mark A. Blanchat is now a partner, Nick Thicksten is now a vice president, and Donald J. McNamara is now an associate. The firm has also made several new hires: Doran E. Smith has joined as associate general counsel, Ben R. Slater has joined as a senior associate, and Robert B. Koudelka has joined as an analyst"
" Spectrum Equity, a Boston-based private equity and venture firm, has promoted Mike Farrell to managing director and Julia Kuo to vice president"
" Brian Selander is joining SeventySix Capital, a Philadelphia-based venture firm, as entrepreneur in residence. Previously, Selander was the executive vice president of Whistle Sports, a New York City sports media company"
" Leland Pillsbury has been named managing director at Thayer Ventures, a Valencia, Calif.-based venture capital firm. Pillsbury has been a senior advisor to the firm since its founding in 2009"
" Tonka Bay Equity Partners, a Minnetonka, Minn.-based private equity firm, has promoted Kam Kielhorn from associate to director"
" Cyprium Partners, a Cleveland-based private equity firm, has promoted Nicholas Stone to managing director"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Transparency: Over the past four years, FundersClub, an online venture capital firm, has invested in 217 companies. It has had 19 exits. Today the company published a quarterly breakdown of its returns in an effort to bring more transparency to venture capital performance, a historically not-so-transparent area. “The whole industry is normalized to not publish returns,’” says co-founder and CEO Alex Mittal. The company has committed to updating its returns every quarter. You can find them here."
"As of the third quarter last year, FundersClub’s 2012 fund held a 2.3x unrealized net multiple and its 2013 fund held a 3.2x multiple. These are unrealized returns, which don’t really mean much if all of the firm’s portfolio companies fail."
"FundersClub’s multiple for realized exits is 1.1. Mittal notes that as a four-year-old fund, that return includes companies that “either dissolved or that took an early exit.” FundersClub will mark down investments when the firm’s investment committee believes they’ve been overvalued, but not in the other direction."
"A reminder: FundersClub is structured like any other limited partnership. The company’s investors are vetted high net worth individuals. FundersClub’s six-person investment committee conducts diligence on its each of its investments; once it chooses to back a company, LPs can choose to join the round. Similar to other venture firms, FoundersClub does not invest in competing companies and participates in follow-on investments. Separately, the company operates FCVC, a fund for family offices, endowments and pensions.  "
In the past I’ve heard rumblings of complaints from FundersClub investors suggesting the firm isn’t getting the same terms as the rest of the investors on its deals. But Mittal says that’s not true: FundersClub only invests if the deal terms are identical to the other investors in the round.
"FundersClub has had to do some work in educating its LPs, he says. “You’ll see a disconnect where someone reads something about some company getting an exit and then wonders, ""‘Why am I losing half my money' or 'Why am I only getting a 3x?’” he says. The company’s site has an education center that helps LPs understand the difference between “a real profitable exit and an exit that’s just an exit in name.”"
"Make the world a better place: Startup culture is easy to criticize, for its focus on hype over substance, for excluding people that don’t fit the stereotypical startup bro mold, for its worship of disruption at all costs. I pegged the ugly parts of startup culture as a major factor in the industry’s recent string of scandals, fraud, and ethical lapses in my recent feature. What starts as a simple rule-bending to get to the next funding round, or press hit, or customer, can easily (and quickly) blossom into a culture of blatant rule-breaking."
Plenty of founders know the importance of making culture and values a priority from the beginning. (They also know “culture” is more than just ping pong tables and coldbrew on tap and “values” are more than just “make the world a better place.”)
"Obvious Ventures, a firm focused on “combining profit and purpose,” today announced a modest proposal: Why not bake your company’s values directly into your term sheet? Today the firm unveiled something called “World Positive Term Sheet.” It’s a template that startup founders can use to get their investors and employees on board with the company’s values. In Obvious co-founder James Joaquin’s words:"
"At the highest level, all [term sheet] elements cluster around two themes: economics and control. At Obvious Ventures, we think it’s time to add a third category to the term sheet: values. Given that the task of building a huge company is a long and arduous journey, entrepreneurs and investors should make sure that they are well aligned on the values that define the ‘why’ of a business beyond the business plan describing the ‘what’ and the ‘how’."
"I asked Joaquin if he thinks startups will actually adopt this, given how hard it is for most of them to merely survive, let alone get their investors to agree to sign a squishy, feel-good term sheet. “We see first-hand a mega trend of young entrepreneurs founding companies around a core mission and value set,” he said. “As this happens with greater frequency, it will become more important for founders to make sure they find investors aligned with their mission.” And of course, there’s the evidence that diverse and woman-friendly workplaces perform better."
"Joaquin believes this could help with the startup world’s ethical issues I described, too. “My theory is that a cocktail of transparency and values-based leadership is the vaccine for rotten culture and fraudulent behavior,” he said."
"Obvious also published a B-Corp cheat sheet so companies can determine if they should commit to their values in a more formal way. (Venture or private equity-backed B Corps include Etsy, Sungevity, and Laureate Education.)"
Unicorn Watch: New money for Funding Circle. TechCrunch pegs the European peer-to-peer lender’s valuation above $1 billion.
"Just gonna leave this here: Maureen Dowd’s interview with Peter Thiel takes the investor’s famous contrarianism to parody-able levels, with answers such as, “If there’s no conflict of interest, it’s often because you’re just not interested,” and, “There’s a point where no corruption can be a bad thing,” and my personal favorite, “Maybe pro wrestling is one of the most real things we have in our society.” He also confuses sex with sexual assault, and believes that people in Silicon Valley aren’t having that much sex and that much fun. Okay!"
"Thanks: As usual, for the feedback. No surprise, those of you preferring “short & sweet” kept your feedback exactly that. (And today I completely defied that preference! ¯\_(ツ)_/¯)"
"Lots of you suggested we categorize the venture companies by industry. Currently they’re lumped together in descending order by size. We haven’t done that yet because startup categories can be a bit fluid, and because some companies are in denial about what they are. But there is one group that’s easy to carve out: Health and life sciences. Starting today, we’ll separate those deals into their own category. Shout-out to Bart B. for the suggestion."
"Survey says: So far, you all expect higher income and lower taxes in 2017, according to early results from the Semaphore survey. It’s still open, and you can take it here."
  The tech titans plan to use AI to help the government save $1 trillion over the next decade
  Kellogg’s first venture capital deal
  How Google is stepping up cloud security again
  Why BuzzFeed was right to publish the Trump documents
  Former Goldman Sachs partner to Dina Powell advise Trump on entrepreneurship and women’s issues
  Alphabet kills its Internet drone project
  TechDirt vs. the man who claims he invented email
  Steven Mnunchin: Ten times richer than we thought
"  Why Rex Tillerson’s tax arrangement is bad news for Exxon, and what we learned from the hearing. Related: Exxon must release climate change documents"
  The Honest Company recalls organic baby powder
  Six Volkswagen executives indicted; $4.3 billion settlement
  The first step toward repealing The Affordable Care Act
…AND ELSEWHERE
College debt vs startup dreams. Landlord-in-chief. Failing pile of garbage. Inside BitTorrent’s bizarre collapse. Japan’s rural towns are luring taxes from Tokyo with beef and beer. A Masonic hacking scandal. Airpods are a hit.
" Funding Circle, a London-based lending platform for small business finance, raised $100 million in funding. Accel led the round, and was joined by Baillie Gifford, DST Global, Index Ventures, Ribbit Capital, Rocket Internet, Sands Capital Ventures, Temasek, and Union Square Ventures"
" EasyStack, a Beijing-based provider of open cloud services for enterprises, raised $50 million in Series C funding. Cash Capital led the round, and was joined by several RMB funds"
" ezCater, a Boston-based provider of online ordering services for business catering, raised $35 million in funding. ICONIQ Capital led the round, and was joined by Insight Venture Partners"
" ICIX, a San Bruno, Calif.-based provider of supply chain risk management and compliance services for retail and manufacturing businesses, raised $15.5 million in funding from Arrowroot Capital"
" Corephotonics, a Tel Aviv-based startup developing dual camera technologies for smartphones, raised $15 million in funding. Investors include Samsung Ventures, Foxconn, and MediaTek"
" Kayrros, a Paris-based predictive analytics company for the energy markets, raised €9 million equity ($9.6 million) in a Series A financing round led by Index Ventures"
"  Kasisto, an AI fintech startup based in New York City, raised $9.2 million in Series A funding led by Propel Venture Partners with participation from Mastercard and Commerce Ventures"
" Iguama, a Guatemala City-based e-commerce service that lets shoppers in Latin America buy products from U.S. stores, raised $5 million in Series A funding. Kibo Ventures and PeopleFund led the round"
" Stadium Goods, a New York City-based sneaker marketplace, raised $4.6 million in funding. Forerunner Ventures led the round, and was joined by The Chernin Group and others"
" Inspectorio, a Hong Kong-based inspection and supplier compliance verification platform, raised $3.7 million in funding. Target (NYSE:TGT) led the round, and was joined by Techstars Ventures and Matchstick Ventures"
" Roambee, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based real-time asset monitoring service for enterprises, raised $4.1 million in Series B funding. Deutsche Telekom Strategic Investments led the round. (This item has been updated with the correct funding amount.)"
" Staffjoy, a San Francisco-based scheduling tool for workers and managers, raised $1.2 million in seed funding. Caffeinated Capital led the round, and was joined by Brainchild Holdings, Haystack Fund, and more"
" Pure Growth Organic, a New York City-based maker of organic snacks, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Sunrise Strategic Partners"
" Luxendo, a Munich-based microscope manufacturer, raised €8 million ($8.5 million) in Series A funding. Investors include Life Science Partners, Amsterdam, EMBL Ventures, Heidelberg, and EMBL Enterprise Management Technology Transfer GmbH"
" DarioHealth, a digital health startup based in Boston, has raised $3.1 million in a round with commitments of $5.1 million from OurCrowd Qure and existing shareholders"
" Clearwater Clinical Limited, an Ottawa, Canada-based provider of medical-grade mobile devices and cloud-based data management services for the hearing health industry, raised $6 million in Series A funding. Whitecap Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by BDC Capital Healthcare Venture Fund"
" CVC Capital Partners is in advanced talks to buy MSC Software, a Newport Beach, Calif.-based software company developing simulation computer programs, for more than $800 million, including debt, according to a report by Reuters. Read more"
" Mercer Advisors, a Santa Barbara, Calif.-based provider of wealth management services backed by Genstar Capital, has acquired Novos Planning Associates, a New York City-based investment advisory firm. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Onex (TSX:ONEX) is considering selling USI Insurance Services, according to report by Reuters. The private equity firm is hoping the deal will value the Valhalla, N.Y.-based brokerage at as much as $4 billion. Read more"
" McDonald’s (NYSE:MCD) is taking bids for up to 33% of its Japan unit, according to a the Wall Street Journal, which reports a number of private-equity are considering offers. McDonald’s owns around 50% of the Japan unit, which has a market cap of around $3.5 billion. Read more"
" Peaceable Street Capital, a Philadelphia-based specialty finance company, raised a strategic investment from SunBridge Capital Management. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed"
" Compass Datacenters, a wholesale datacenter developer based in Dallas, Texas, has taken an investment from RedBird Capital Partners and Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan alongside management"
" Think project! GmbH, a Munich-based provider of project management software to the construction and engineering industries, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from TA Associates"
" Callaway Golf Company (NYSE:ELY) has acquired OGIO International, a Bluffdale, Utah-based manufacturer of bags, backpacks, and travel luggage, for $75.5 million in cash. OGIO International raised $5 million in equity funding from an undisclosed investor, according to an SEC filing"
" AppDynamics, a San Francisco-based provider of software that helps companies monitor the performance of their networked applications, has set its IPO terms to offer 12 million shares offered at in the range of $10 to $12 per share, valuing the company at $1.9 billion in the middle of its range. Existing shareholders General Atlantic, Adage Capital Partners, LP and Altimeter Partners Fund, L.P., will purchase up to of $32.5 million in common stock at $11.00 per share"
" Arxan Technologies, a Bethesda, Md.-based security software company backed by TA Associates, has agreed to acquire Apperian, a Boston-based platform for managing apps. Financial terms were not disclosed. Apperian raised $39.4 million in funding from investors including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and Intel Capital"
" Upland Software, Inc. (Nasdaq: UPLD) has acquired Omtool, an Andover, Mass.-based provider of enterprise document capture, fax, and workflow services backed by Summit Partners, for $22.2 million"
" The Canada Pension Plan Investment Board has agreed to purchase a 48% stake in GlobalLogic, a San Jose, Calif.-based product engineering company, from Apax Partners. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" The Riverside Company has sold iAutomation, a North Attleboro, Mass.-based provider of automation solutions for original equipment manufacturers, to an unidentified buyer"
" Dun & Bradstreet (NYSE:DNB) has acquired Avention, a Concord, Mass.-based company that monitors and analyzes business information for companies, for $150 million. Avention’s investors included GTCR and Cannondale Investments"
"  Thompson Street Capital Partners has recapitalized Software Technology Inc., a Lincoln, Neb.-based provider of financial and practice management software for small and medium-sized law firms. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Sarah Cannon Research Institute has agreed to acquire Genospace, a Cambridge, Mass.-based provider of reporting tools for clinical labs and health care providers. Genospace raised $5 million in funding from Clarivate Analytics"
" Hamilton Lane, a Bala Cynwyd, Pa.-based investment firm, raised $573.3 million for its fourth secondary fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Correlation Ventures, a San Diego, Calif.-based venture firm, raised $200 million for its second fund"
" Eclipse Ventures, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based early-stage venture firm, raised $183.8 million for its second fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Precursor Ventures, a San Francisco-based venture firm focused on seed and early-stage investments between $100,000 and $250,000, raised $15.3 million for its first fund, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" S. Somasegar and Hope Cochran have joined Madrona Venture Group as a managing director and a venture partner, respectively. The Seattle-based venture firm also promoted Julie Sandler to partner and Daniel Li to senior associate"
" Paul Zolfaghari will join Carrick Capital Partners, as an operating officer. Previously Zolfaghari was the president of MicroStrategy (Nasdaq:MSTR)"
" Cinven has promoted Chris Good, Thomas Railhac, and Ivan Kwok to partners, and Brett Lewis to director"
 Jason Bergsman has been promoted to executive vice president at The Chernin Group
" Ken Pontarelli is retiring from Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS),  according to Reuters.  Pontarelli, who helped spearhead the firm’s private equity investments in the energy sector, worked at the firm for 22 years. Read more"
" Altus Capital Partners has promoted Thomas Groh to partner, Nick DeMarco to vice president,  and Joshua Tesoriero to senior associate"
" Phil Kwun has joined Mooreland Partners as a managing director. Previously, Kwun was a managing director at Sonenshine Partners"
" BelHealth Investment Partners has promoted Joseph Wynne to chief administrative officer, Paul Barrett to vice president, and Jonathan Spero to senior associate"
" Thomas Klimmeck and Tricia Marks are retiring from Madison Capital, according to PE Hub. Klimmeck is the a senior managing director at the firm, and Marks is a managing director and head of capital markets. Read more"
" Brian Kelley has joined Lindsay Goldberg as a partner. Previously, Kelley was chief executive officer of Keurig Green Mountain"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"We’re on the cusp of a three-day weekend and Fortune is closing its latest magazine issue, which means I’m letting let you all write today’s column."
Here’s what you have to say...
"…On The Ugly, Unethical Underside of Silicon Valley:"
"Michael P writes: I think there is even more to cover, such as the flawed concept of strategy, and destructive focus on growth (fake or real), and unfair and destructive ignoring of valid regulatory requirements or rules that “normal” companies must deal with, that constitute an unfair subsidy versus achieving true competitive advantage.  Yet we want innovation and entrepreneurship, so we need to shift this destructive model."
"CZ writes: As someone who departed a startup over a dispute with the CEO's cavalier application of ""move fast and break things"" (my response: ""Except the law!""), this piece couldn't have been more resonant."
"Anonymous writes: Where is the condemnation of this behavior? How is Theranos still a company? Where is the management change at Hampton Creek? There is no incentive for anyone in the chain to call BS, and that is the most disturbing aspect of this as it can continue into perpetuity (theoretically). Other than your article, the appalling silence is also quite distressing."
Steve E writes: I've watched the tech and VC world go from an 80/20 world of good actors to an 80/20 culture of questionable characters.  And there are dozens of other stories that you could have used on top of the ones you did.
"The interesting/paradoxical/ironic thing is that when Silicon Valley looks in the mirror it expects to see Obama (ethical, moral, thoughtful) but instead it sees Trump (the end justifies the means, fake it till you make it, bend the rules even though you know better)!"
"Colin K writes: [Regarding Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes’ supervoting shares], even where supervoting is in place, investors have a number of available recourses—including bringing fraud or contractual claims that may entitle them to damages.  The supervoting shares are used to enable the founder to maintain a board seat and veto rights on future M&A and IPO transactions. It can surely make their removal or altering the directional position of the company more difficult, but there’s usually a way."
"Evelyn writes: Adding to the risk is that a lot of the techies are so young, they don't remember the likes of Enron, so may be less alert to the signs of fraud. Not to mention the noblesse oblige attitude that blinds them."
"Anonymous writes: George Collins, former CEO at T. Rowe Price once told me, ""I've been in the finance business for over 30 years and I can count the number of people I can trust on one hand."" So is it just startups? How about Wells Fargo? Why did JP Morgan pay over $30 billion in fines? Now you see what George meant."
"Anonymous writes: I appreciate your historical perspective, but you are particularly on point on one thing -- it is much worse now than in the past. Right now there is no reward or incentive for proper governance, oversight or knowing when a risk is worth taking or when it is illegal and thus should be avoided.  I'm not talking about ""strategic neglect"" - where regulations are unclear and an entrepreneur chooses to be aggressive in ambiguity. Outright fraud is seen as a viable option to become something ""great that generates a 100x return."""
"A GP actually manages the fund and pays attention to one's investments?  How quaint.  Most current LPs in venture don't care -- they just want GPs to be in the ""6-10 deals a year that matter."" What is written about in the press?  Who are the heroes? Those who flip the bird to the status quo."
"In the end, we control our own moral compass and nothing else.  And right now controlling one's compass gets zero respect or stature."
Robert Siegel of XSeed Capital writes: Eisenhower warned us of the dark side of the Military Industrial Complex. You have warned us of the dark side of the Innovation Hyperbole Complex.
…On whether 2016 was a good year for IPO performance:
"Steve E writes: First day trading performance is the more relevant benchmark, since the average Joe can't get IPO stock and would have to buy the stock after it opens (typically well above the IPO price).  And while I might be able to get, say an 100 share allocation of an IPO if I was a really good retail customer, that 100 shares at say, $20-30, is a couple of thousand dollars vs. a portfolio that is many times that.  So the ~40% returns talked about in the article likely wouldn't move the needle on portfolio performance much if at all."
"My initial conclusion here is that ""truth typically lies somewhere in the middle"": 2016 was a pretty subpar year for IPOs - it wasn't terrible, but it's hard to spin it positively."
…On the drop-off in cybersecurity deals:
"Mark L. says: Investment into cyber companies has fallen but there are numerous investments being made in small, off-the-radar cybersecurity companies that you and others are not privy to at this time because they want to stay under the radar!"
…On TV vs. the Internet: On criticism of Fortune 500 companies for spending money on TV ads:
"Jeremy S writes: The criticism has a lot more to do with the tone deafness and disconnection of the tech world from how the average American consumes media. TV is still easily the most consumed medium of media in the United States in terms of minutes, as well as having one of the broadest demographic appeals. Now there's an argument that they aren't being savvy with their buys as TV is generally overpriced compared to other forms of media, but I highly doubt that was the criticism being lodged at these CMOs."
…On the World Positive Term Sheet:
"John G says: Standing ""O"" for James Joaquin! About time ethics entered the business world, and not just for start-ups."
+ One correction: Yesterday’s Term Sheet incorrectly calculated AppDynamic’s fully diluted value at the mid-point of its proposed IPO pricing range. The company would be worth $1.7 billion.
Have a great weekend!
 Was Trump’s L.L. Bean endorsement legal
 AI vs. poker players
 Layoffs at Pandora
 Tech companies want to help raise your kids
 Arizona prepares to sue Theranos
 Palantir’s bet on big pharma
 Tiny violin: Davos is forcing big bank CEOs to choose earnings over skiing
 Crowdfunded selfie drone company abruptly shuts down
 Agriculture’s giant chicken dilemma
 IRL Walter White now selling coffee to millennials
 How Flipkart plans to fight back against Amazon
…AND ELSEWHERE
Silicon Valley’s right turn. A new strategy to cover Trump. Amazon didn’t kill Macy’s – Macy’s did. Wilbur Ross’ complex business ties pose a divestment challenge. An existential moment for the Euro-American alliance. Boxed vodka just wants to be loved. Doris Truong’s troll witch hunt nightmare. Twitter employees reckon with Trump. Peso traders want Mexico to buy Twitter and shut it down. Fascinating description of Putin pressers from a Russian reporter. Netflix wants the world to binge.
" Linkem, a Rome-based provider of fixed wireless broadband services in Italy, raised €100 million ($106 million) million in funding from BlackRock (NYSE: BLK)"
" Studio71, a Berlin-based multi-platform media company owned by ProSiebenSat.1, raised €53 million ($56.4 million) in funding from TF1 Group and Mediaset at a post-money valuation of approximately €400 million ($425.8 million)"
" HouseCanary, a San Francisco-based real estate analytics company, raised $33 million in Series A funding. Investors include Hillspire, Alpha Edison, ECA Ventures, and Raven Ventures"
" Perfect Sense, a Reston, Va.-based company that builds and services websites, raised $22 million in funding from Carrick Capital Partners"
" Starship Technologies, a London-based company developing self-driving delivery robots, raised $17.2 million in seed funding. Daimler AG led the round, and was joined by Shasta Ventures, Matrix Partners, ZX Ventures, Morpheus Ventures, Grishin Robotics, and Playfair Capital"
" Clutch, a Philadelphia-based customer management and marketing analytics company, raised $5.25 million in funding"
" Lingo Live, a New York City-based an online platform for learning languages, raised $5.2 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Owl Ventures led the round, and was joined by Entrepreneurs Expansion Fund, Alpine Meridian Ventures, and Fresco Capital. Read more"
" Unacademy, a Bengaluru, India-based online learning platform, raised $4.5 million in a Series A funding, according to The Economic Times. Nexus Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Blume Ventures. Read more"
" CannaKorp, a Melrose, Mass.-based maker of a single-use, pod-based cannabis vaporizing system, raised $4.1 million in Series A funding. Singularity Capital Management led the round"
" Cytora, a London cloud-based political risk analysis platform, raised £2.4 million ($2.9 million) in Series A funding, according to Tech City News. Parkwalk led the round, and was joined by Cambridge Enterprise, iLexIR, and angel investors. Read more"
" Yoshi, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based gas delivery service, raised $2.1 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Zhen Fund led the round, and was joined by Liquid 2 Ventures and angel investors. Read more"
" KKR (NYSE:KKR) has agreed to purchase Hitachi, Ltd.’s (TSE:6501) power tools unit for around $1.3 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" DBi Services, a Hazleton, Pa.-based provider of infrastructure management services backed by Sterling Partners, has acquired the assets of TME Enterprises, Inc., a Chesapeake, Va.-based provider of transportation and facilities management services in Virginia and Florida"
" Help at Home, a Chicago-based home care agency operator backed by Wellspring Capital, has acquired Excel Companion Care , a provider of in-home care in Pennsylvania"
" Clearview Capital has acquired Wilson Orchard & Vineyard Supply, a Yakima, Wash. provider of irrigation, planting, development, and harvesting equipment to commercial orchards and vineyards"
" AVAD Energy Partners, a Dallas.-based oil and natural gas production company, raised $77.5 million in equity funding from Pearl Energy Investments and Natural Gas Partners"
" ClubCorp Holdings (NYSE:MYCC) is in the early stages of accepting bids from interested buyers, a list that includes private equity firms, according to a report by Reuters. KSL Capital took ClubCorp public in 2013, after acquiring it for $1.8 billion in 2006. Read more"
" Lily Robotics, an Atherton, Calif.-based drone startup, has shut down. The company says it failed to secure enough money to manufacture and ship its product. Lily raised $14 million in a Series A funding round led by Spark Capital in 2015. Read more at Fortune"
" Gores Holdings II, a Beverly Hills, Calif.-based blank check company owned by The Gores Group, raised $375 million by offering 37.5 million shares at $10. The company plans to trade on the Nasdaq under the symbol GSHTU. Deutsche Bank served as the underwriter on the deal"
" Clutch, a Philadelphia-based customer management and marketing analytics company, has acquired Persio, a Chicago-based online multi-channel platform for retail marketers. Persio raised $5.5 million in VC funding from investors including Origin Ventures, OCA Ventures, and Illinois Ventures"
" Kinderhook Industries has sold San Jamar, a Elkhorn, Wis.-based manufacturer of food safety products, to Carlisle Companies Incorporated (NYSE:CSL). Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Praesidian Capital has sold its $20.4 million stake in Etransmedia Technology, a Troy, N.Y.-based healthcare information technology company, to Formative Health, a provider of management services for physicians owned by Northwell Health and Pamplona Capital. Formative Health also acquired Kemper Corporation’s (NYSE: KMPR) stake in Etransmedia Technology"
" Prudential Capital Partners, Chicago-based Prudential Capital Group’s investment arm, raised $1.8 billion for its fifth fund, Prudential Capital Partners V"
" JMC Capital Partners, a Boston-based private equity firm, raised $206 million for its second fund"
" Northwestern Mutual Future Ventures, life insurance provider Northwestern Mutual’s investment arm, has launched with a $50 million initial fund. Investments, which range from $500,000 to $3 million, will fund financial security startups"
" Playground Global, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based accelerator and venture capital firm, raised $40 million for its latest fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Ben Gray and Simon Harle, both ex-TPG partners, are targeting A$2 billion ($1.5 billion) for their independent fund, which will invest exclusively in Australia and New Zealand, according to a report by Bloomberg. Read more"
" Kevin O. Hawkins has joined Alantra as a vice president. Previously, Hawkins was a vice president at Bowen Advisors"
 Phil Curatilo has joined Seacoast Capital as chief marketing officer
 Greg Daniele has been promoted from associate to vice president at Maranon Capital
 Jeffrey Wu has been promoted to partner at Behrman Capital
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
Welcome back from the long weekend. Some quick deal notes...
"Unicorn Watch: Enterprise video software company Zoom Video Communications raised $100 million from Sequoia. The round (more details below) values the company at exactly $1 billion, Term Sheet has learned. Sequoia’s Carl Eschenbach, who joined Sequoia in March from his role as President and COO of VMware, will join Zoom’s board."
IPO Watch: Planning to buy IPO shares of Snap? Don’t expect a vote.
"Layoff Watch: Joyable, a small startup focused on helping people overcome social anxiety, has laid off 20 people, or half of its staff, Term Sheet has learned. The company made the change as shift in its business model from consumer-facing to enterprise. It will partner with employers, insurers, and providers to reduce the cost of its services. Co-founder and CEO Peter Shalek confirms the layoffs, noting the way for Joyable to reach the most people is to make its services as affordable as possible. The company has worked with 500,000 people with a clinical level of anxiety or depression, he says. “We believe that our evolved strategy will allow us to reach and help the most people,” he says. The company is backed by Thrive Capital and Harrison Metal."
AI Deal Watch: Microsoft bought another one.
"The Other Kushner: Jared Kushner, son-in-law and senior advisor to the president-elect, is no stranger to the spotlight. His brother Josh, founder of Thrive Capital, co-founder of Oscar Health, and significant other to model Karlie Kloss, has largely avoided it. A recent New York Times profile of Josh calls the next four years a “new and unsettling chapter” for him, noting that he’s told Thrive investors he wants to stay out of politics."
"As Term Sheet has noted before, the Kush-bro connection has some potentially awkward ramifications for Josh Kushner’s well-funded and sometimes-criticized startup Oscar Health. Remember, Oscar was founded on the back of the ACA, which congress just voted to dismantle. Not a good sign."
"But that creates another, slightly more cynical potential outcome for Oscar: This could be very, very good. The company has direct family ties to one of the most influential people to the president, in a time when the future of the health insurance industry will be rewritten from scratch."
"Jared Kushner has already shown that he’s willing to put his family’s interest ahead of politics. He orchestrated the dismissal of Chris Christie from Trump’s campaign, a move CNN and others tied to a Kushner family score from the early 2000s:"
"Kushner's criminal tax evasion and witness tampering case won Christie, then a US attorney, triumphant headlines in the country's largest media market."
That kind of influence might also be attractive to a large insurance company seeking to acquire a little goodwill in the White House. Oscar’s $2.7 billion valuation would be a small price to pay…
"PE in DC: Even though Secretary of Commerce nominee Wilbur Ross no longer runs day-to-day operations at his firm, WL Ross, he is going to have to leave his board seats (including Nexeo Solutions, Bank of Cyprus, and Sun Bancorp) and sell off his holdings in a number of the funds, the Wall Street Journal reports, noting the investor’s “finances and reputation as the “King of Bankruptcy” are so intertwined with WL Ross & Co. … that it is difficult to tell where the firm’s financial interests end and his begin.” Selling those illiquid assets is likely to mean losses."
"Ross’s hearing is scheduled this week. One point of focus will surely be the fact that companies controlled by his firm have offshored 2,700 jobs since 2004."
"Deal Worth Noting: AppsFlyer, a Herzliya, Israel marketing technology platform for apps, has raised $56 million in Series C funding led by Qumra Capital, with Goldman Sachs Private Capital Investing, Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners, Pitango Growth and existing investors participating. The company did not disclose its valuation."
"CEO Oren Kaniel co-founded the company in 2011 when he noticed that app makers and the burgeoning market for app install ads had little in the way of measurement tools. “I basically saw spray and pray,” he says. “Marketers spraying budgets and hoping for the best.” AppsFlyer measures the effectiveness of app-install ads, as well as any traffic coming to a specific app, be it via organic Facebook post, QR code, user invite, or email marketing. The company’s software development kit has been installed on more than 2.5 billion unique smartphone devices, which it estimates includes 98% of smartphones. Revenue is tripling each year."
Two macro trends that make this deal interesting to me:
"Mobile advertising has essentially become a Facebook-Google duopoly. That has hurt investor appetite for all manner of advertising technology.The narrative for the past few years has been that apps are dead. The average American downloads zero apps a month. Social apps like Facebook, Facebook Messenger, Slack, Snapchat and others are increasingly trying to suck the entire Internet into their little app worlds."
"On the first point, Kaniel says Facebook and Google cannot provide advertisers with “unbiased” measurement data on their ad performance because they don’t have a full picture of the data. “The average marketer uses 50 different sources. [Facebook and Google] don’t know if [the customer] saw something on other platforms,” he says. But Kaniel agrees other ad-tech providers are facing a reckoning. “Some of these companies got used to getting paid for nothing,” he says. “For the first time, they are measured on value and not how many people they annoyed today.”"
"On the second point, Kaniel says AppsFlyer’s data shows that app installs and app usage is actually increasing. App growth may have slowed in the U.S. but that’s not the case in Asian countries where mobile device adoption leapfrogged that of the PC, he says. AppsFlyer plans to use the new capital to expand in Asia and to explore M&A opportunities."
" The Fortune Unfiltered podcast features Stacy Brown-Philpot, CEO of TaskRabbit"
" The MPW OnStage podcast features Marne Levine, COO of Instagram"
 The real reason Wall Street should fear the new “fiduciary rule.
 Baidu snags Microsoft exec in AI push
"  “They make clothes and I make artificial brains for drones,” Versace said"
" Dispatch from Davos: Xi Jinping warns Trump about protectionism, China’s coming out party, Meg Whitman on Trump, CEOs are getting more confident, Trump, markets, and automation, Davos in crisis, TRILLIONAIRES"
 Sallie Krawcheck is over “Women’s ‘empowerment.’
 Marc Benioff: How business leaders can narrow income inequality
 There are no black women running Fortune 500 companies
 The shower beer is for drinking
…AND ELSEWHERE
"PETA invests in luxury designer brands. Bernie Madoff is cornering the prison market on Swiss Miss hot chocolate. Pale, male and stale."
" Letgo, a mobile marketplace that allows users to buy and sell locally, raised $175 million in funding. Investors include Naspers, Accel, Insight Venture Partners, New Enterprise Associates, and 14W"
" Zoom Video Communications, a San Jose, Calif.-based provider of enterprise video and web conferencing, online meetings, and group messaging, raised $100 million in Series D funding. Sequoia led the round, and was joined by Emergence Capital, Jerry Yang’s AME Cloud Ventures, and Qualcomm Ventures"
" Shiftgig, a Countryside, Ill.-based mobile platform that connects businesses with hourly workers, raised $20 million in Series C funding. Investors include DRW Venture Capital, FJ Labs, GGV Capital, and KDWC Ventures"
" OrderGroove, a New York City-based subscription management platform for brands and retailers, raised $20 million in Series C funding. National Securities led the round"
" Moon Express, a Cape Canaveral, Fla.-based commercial space company building robotic spacecrafts to explore the moon, raised $20 million in a Series B-1 funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Founders Fund, Collaborative Fund, and Autodesk. Read more"
" Neurala, a Boston-based artificial intelligence startup, raised $14 million in funding. Pelion Ventures led the round. Read more at Fortune"
" Zeotap, a Berlin-based platform that allows businesses and consumers to transmit data securely, raised €12 million ($12.8 million) in Series B funding. Investors include New Science Ventures, HERE, Capnamic Ventures, and Iris Capital"
" USound, a Graz, Austria-based mobile audio system manufacturer, raised €12 million ($12.8 million) in funding. eQventure led the round"
" D.light, a Cayman Islands-based manufacturer and distributor of solar-rechargeable LED lighting products for rural and semi-urban households in India, Africa, and South America, raised $10.5 million in funding. Norfund contributed $5 million, and Beyond the Grid and Shell Foundation provided $5.5 million in grant funding"
" Spaces, a Los Angeles-based virtual- and mixed-reality firm, raised $6.5 million in seed funding. Songcheng Performance Development Co. led the round, and was joined by Comcast Ventures. Read more"
" Fraugster, a Berlin  cybersecurity company using artificial intelligence and behavioral analytics to prevent payment fraud, raised $5 million in funding. Earlybird led the round, and was joined by Speedinvest, and Seedcamp. This item has been corrected to note that Fraugster is based in Berlin, not Leeds."
" SecureSet Academy, a Denver, Colo.-based provider of cybersecurity educational programs, raised $4 million in Series A funding. Colorado Impact Fund led the round"
" APANA, a Kirkland, Wash.-based smart water management system for commercial and industrial buildings, raised $3.5 million in Series A funding. Kurita Water Industries led the round, with participation from the Urban Innovation Fund"
" Ascent360, a Golden, Colo. customer data platform, raised $1.9 million in seed funding. Investors include Access Venture Partners, Nelnet, Bialla Venture Partners 2, Service Provider Capital, and the Rockies Venture Club"
" Wochit, a Yehud, Israel-based producer of online videos for publishers and media companies, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from PA Group"
" Bringhub, a Los Angeles-based ecommerce platform that allows digital-media companies to add shopping capabilities to their sites, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Forbes Media"
" Bain Capital and Advent have agreed to acquire Concardis, a German debit and credit card payment transaction services company, according to Reuters. The purchase price was not disclosed, but earlier reports valued the deal at about €700 million ($745 million). Read more"
" Providence Equity Partners has bought a majority stake in Hungarian festival company Sziget, the companies said in a joint statement on Friday, aiming to expand the events internationally"
" Cotton Creek Capital has recapitalized Dillon Transport, a Burr Ridge, Ill.-based provider of temperature-sensitive transportation services for oil, asphalt, and fuel products. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Gauge Capital has made an undisclosed investment in Miami Beach Medical Group, a Miami Beach, Fla.-based operator of health and wellness centers in South Florida"
" Palamon Capital Partners has acquired a majority stake in Happy Socks, a Stockholm sock manufacturer and online retailer. The deal values the company at SEK 725 million ($81.5 million). In addition, Palamon Capital Partners is investing SEK 40 million ($4.5 million) in the company, giving it a post-money valuation of SEK 765 million ($86.1 million)"
" L Catterton has agreed to buy Leslie’s Holdings Inc., a Phoenix-based operator of swimming pool supplies stores. GIC is also investing. Terms were not disclosed"
" 3P Equity Partners and Silver Sail Capital have invested in JPI Glass, a Kansas City, Mo.-based provider of  glass and glazing services"
" The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ: CG) has agreed to acquire a significant stake in GCR, a South African largest credit rating agency, from its founders and German development financial institution DEG. Carlyle will be the largest shareholder with around half the equity in the company. Management and DEG will remain invested in the business"
" British American Tobacco (LSE:BATS) has agreed to buy the 58% of Reynolds American (NYSE:RAI) it already doesn’t own for $49.4 billion. At $29.44 in cash and 0.5260 in BAT shares for each Reynolds share, the offer represents a 26% premium over Reynolds’ stock price on Oct. 20, the day before BAT’s takeover bid was made public. Read more at Fortune"
" Luxottica (BIT:LUX), a luxury spectacles maker, and Essilor (ENXTPA:EI), a manufacturer of ophthalmic lenses, have agreed to a €46 billion ($49 billion) merger. The combined company will make more than €15 billion in annual revenues, Luxottica and Essilor said in a statement. Read more at Fortune"
"Auxilio (OTCQB: AUXOD), a provider of document workflow and security services for the healthcare industry, acquired CynergisTek, an Austin, Texas security consulting business for approximately $26.8 million in combined cash, stock, and seller debt, with earn-outs of up to $7.5 millio"
" REV Group, a Milwaukee, Wis.-based emergency and specialty vehicles manufacturer, has set its IPO terms. It plans to offer 12.5 million shares at between $19 to $21 per share, which would value the company at $1.3 billion if it priced in the middle of its range. The company is backed by American Industrial Partners. Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Baird are the lead underwriters on the offering"
" Microsoft (Nasdaq:MSFT) has acquired Maluuba, a Montreal-based artificial intelligence startup, for an undisclosed price. The company raised $11 million from Nautilus Venture Partners and Emerillon Capital"
" TriEnda Holdings LLC has acquired The PendaForm Company, a New Concord, Ohio-based manufacturer of heavy-gauge thermoforming plastic products backed by Resilience Capital. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Quad-C Management has agreed to sell Worldwide Express, a Dallas-based provider of logistics for small and medium-sized businesses, to Ridgemont Equity Partners. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" ArcLight Capital Partners, a Boston-based private equity firm focused on energy investments, has sold a minority stake to Goldman Sachs with participation from Wafra Investment Advisory Group, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more"
" Waterous Energy, a Calgary-based private equity fund launched by Nova Scotia’s former global head of energy Adam Waterous, raised C$400 million ($305 million) to invest in the Canadian and U.S. oil and gas industry, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Serena Capital, a Paris-based venture capital firm, raised close to €80 million ($85.7 million) for Serena Data Ventures, its latest fund dedicated to investing in big data and artificial intelligence companies in Europe"
" Claritas Capital, a Nashville, Tenn.-based venture and private equity firm focused on investments in  health care and technology  companies, raised $40 million for its latest fund, according to an SEC filing. This item has been corrected to say Claritas invests in health care companies, not biotech or life sciences. "
 Oracle Corp (NYSE:ORCL) is launching an accelerator program in Israel for cloud-based technology startups
" Michael Lynton is stepping down as the CEO of Sony Entertainment, and joining Snap Inc., the Venice, Calif.-based parent company of social media app Snapchat, as chairman of the board. Read more at Fortune"
 Tom Loverro has been promoted to principal at IVP
 Prospect Partners has promoted Brett Holcomb and Brad O’Dell from vice presidents to principals
" Robert Vassel has joined Swander Pace Capital as a principal. The private equity firm also promoted Tyler Matlock to vice president, and Tara Hyland to associate"
 William Chu has joined SparkLabs Global Ventures as a venture partner
 Marcia J. Hooper has joined Bowside Capital as a senior advisor
" Altamont Capital Partners has made a series of promotions: Kristin Johnson and Alex Rolfe are now managing directors, Melissa Francis, Sam Gaynor, and Kevin Mason are now principals, and Greg Corkran is now a vice president"
" Michael Kober and Manny Cominsky have joined 3i (LSE:III) as a senior associate and associate, respectively"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"The following is from the latest print edition of Fortune, where I write a regular column about technology and startups called “Boom With a View.”"
"Virtual reality is greasy. That’s all I could think as I wandered through the vast labyrinth of digital screens—the widest, flattest, clearest, shiniest, newest models in the world—at this year’s CES in Las Vegas. At the sprawling technology trade show, I was eager to sample the latest in VR, a technology that’s been hyped for a generation but remains a novelty to most people. Each headset I tested left me with a distinct urge to rub hand sanitizer all over my face."
"Still, the view from inside the virtual world is striking. In one demo I was transfixed by a trio of body-painted Cirque du Soleil contortionists five feet in front of me. I looked to my left and let out a tiny gasp as a tiger waltzed by. Later, I carefully traversed a (real) rope bridge over a (virtual) snowy overpass. I took in the Milky Way while reclining in a $7,000 full-body massage chair. (I endure these hardships for you, dear reader.) On the CES show floor, long lines formed around VR “experiences” that looked like carnival attractions: a virtual boat ride with nausea-inducing seats, a virtual plane ride with Top Gun–style twists and flips, a scream-inducing virtual spaceship ride."
"I could tell which people were experiencing VR for the first time by their dazzled expression after they removed the goggles. But without the trade show’s spinning chairs or relaxing massages, the novelty of virtual reality quickly wears off—especially when you notice the $800 price tag (excluding accessories). Cheaper headsets feel heavy after a few minutes. Some models are difficult to focus. All of them feel greasy. With the exception of elaborate gaming setups, you’re unable to move around (you can’t even see your hands), so the fun part—taking in the 360-degree views—requires awkwardly swiveling your head."
"Worst of all, VR is isolating. Beyond the delight of watching someone else’s first virtual reality experience (a moment Samsung promoted aggressively in a holiday ad campaign for its Gear VR headset), secondhand VR is no fun. The headset-headphones combination that virtual reality requires takes “phubbing”—­snubbing your real-world companions for the digital distractions of your phone—to a new level."
"VR amounts to exhilaration followed by discomfort and apathy—an emotional journey that mirrors the technology’s trajectory as a business. After years of barely containable buzz, Facebook’s Oculus Rift (fb) and HTC’s Vive (htc) became available last year, only to suffer from shipping delays and order cancellations. VR headsets and software missed sales predictions by 29% last year, bringing in just $2.7 billion, according to Digi-Capital, an M&A advisory firm. As a result, Digi-Capital slashed its sales projections for the market to $25 billion by 2021. It estimated that VR’s more social cousin, augmented reality (e.g., Pokémon Go), would generate a whopping $83 billion by the same date."
"The hype surrounding VR today reminds me of the early days of 3D printers: In the future, every home will have one! Except every home didn’t need one, and they remain an expensive curiosity to most. Based on price and entertainment value, VR is in the same spot. Right now virtual reality is best experienced in a crowded, noisy convention center in Las Vegas—a place anyone would be eager to escape. Just bring your own Purell."
***
"Undercorn Watch: HPE has acquired Simplivity, a data center hardware startup that competes with Nutanix. As my colleague Barb Darrow notes, the company had raised $276 million in funding and claimed a $1 billion valuation. A few months ago, reports pinned a deal value at $3.9 billion. The deal announced last night is for much lower: $650 million in cash."
"P.S. Other terms for unicorns that sell for less than their last private valuation, courtesy of the Twitter peanut gallery: A horse, a pony, a beast of burden, a Fauxnicorn, a uni-can’t, a once-nicorn, for a data storage company, a “compression,” and a unic-corn. Unicorpse is only for the dead ones."
"IPO Watch: Much like the shadowy Unicode consortium controlling our emojis, there is a little-known third party group called the Options Clearing Corporation that regulates who has reserved which stock tickers (ahem, SNAP, UBER, ABNB). They’re doled out on a first-come, first-serve basis, notes my colleague Jen Wieczner. So if you are dying to snap SNAP away from Snap, now is the time."
 Steve Cohen’s worst year since the financial crisis
 Mary Jo White blasts Congress
 VC funding for mobile health apps hit a record in 2016
 Shawn Tully explains the Trump-GOP tax fight
 Zuckerberg testifies on Oculus Rift suit
 Morgan Stanley’s tech deals
 Thousands of Verizon customers won’t turn in their flammable phones
 FTC accuses Qualcomm of antitrust violations
 What Oracle’s cozy Trump relationship could mean for rival Google
 Steve Cohen’s worst year since the financial crisis
 Mary Jo White blasts Congress
…AND ELSEWHERE
"A rare corner of finance where women dominate. Lenovo thought it knew how to fix brands, then it bought Motorola. Catalog thinking in an online world. Robot nannies for chickens and the Fitbit for cows. Hometown Tinder. A second Theranos lab failure."
" Practo, an Bengaluru, India-based platform that connects users with with doctors who can answer their healthcare questions, raised $55 million in Series D funding. Tencent Holdings led the round, and was joined by Ru-Net, RSI Fund, and Thrive Capital"
" Collibra, a Brussels-based data management company, raised $50 million in Series C funding. ICONIQ Capital led the round, and was joined by Battery Ventures, Index Ventures, Dawn Capital, and Newion Investments"
" InsideSales.com, a Provo, Utah-based AI-powered predictive sales acceleration platform, raised $50 million in funding. Polaris Partners led the round, and was joined by Microsoft (Nasdaq:MSFT), QuestMark Partners, the Irish Strategic Investment Fund,  Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers, Hummer Winblad, U.S. Venture Partners, Epic Ventures, and Zetta Venture Partners"
" Upside.com, a Washington, D.C.-based discount site for business travelers started by Priceline.com founder Jay Walker, raised $50 million in funding at a more than $200 million valuation, according to Bloomberg. Investors include Red Ventures and Leucadia National Corp. Read more"
" Salsify, a Boston-based product content management platform for distributed commerce, raised $30 million in Series C funding. Underscore.VC led the round, and was joined by Venrock, Matrix Partners, and North Bridge"
"rotectWise, a Denver, Colo. enterprise security platform, raised $25 million in Series B funding from Arsenal Venture Partners, Top Tier Capital Partners, and Tola Capital"
" Deputy, an Atlanta-based provider of cloud-based workforce management services, raised $25 million in Series A funding from OpenView"
" Pipedrive, a New York City-based CRM platform, raised $17 million in Series B funding. Atomico led the round, and was joined by Bessemer Venture Partners, and Rembrandt Venture Partners"
" Aviatrix Systems, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based developer of software that allows companies to build hybrid clouds, raised $15 million in Series B funding. CRV led the round, and was by Formation 8 and Ignition Partners"
" SilverCloud Health, a Dublin-based provider of evidence-based online mental health and behavioral therapies, raised $8.1 million in Series A funding. B Capital Group led the round,  and was joined by ACT Venture Capital, Investec Ventures, and AIB Seed Capital Fund"
" Rhythm Superfoods, an Austin, Texas-based kale and sweet potato chip producer, raised $6 million in Series D funding. 301 Inc., General Mills’ (NYSE:GIS) venture capital arm, led the round, and was joined by CircleUp Growth Fund and Blueberry Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" TellusLabs, a Boston Earth monitoring and machine learning company,  raised $3.1 million in seed funding. IA Ventures led the round, and was joined by Hyperplane Venture Capital, Founder Collective, and Project 11 Ventures"
" TeamDom, a Los Angeles branding and media advertising company, raised $1 million in funding. Danhua Capital led the round"
" Gen Cap America, Inc. acquired Gared Holdings, a Noblesville, Ind.-based designer and manufacturer of sporting goods equipment for athletes"
" Bain Capital Private Equity acquired a majority stake in Daymon Worldwide, a Stamford, Conn.-based provider of branding, merchandising, and marketing services for retailers. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Alta Growth Capital invested in Maskota, a Mexico’s largest pet store chain"
" TRIGO Group, a France-based provider of quality management and inspection services for the automotive, railway, and aerospace industries backed by Adrian, acquired of Euro-Symbiose, a French specialist provider of quality training, audit and consulting services"
" PrideSports, a Brentwood, Tenn.-based golf equipment manufacturer owned by Centre Partners, merged with MacNeill Engineering, a Marlborough, Mass.-based maker of athletic and industrial footwear components. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
"  Bain Capital Private Equity agreed to acquire PSA Healthcare, an Atlanta-based pediatric home care services provider. The Boston-based private equity firm plans to combine PSA Healthcare with Epic Health Services,  the Dallas-based home care services provider  it acquired in December. Financial terms of the transactions were not disclosed. This item has been corrected to note the full name of the buyer."
" Parallel49 Equity purchased Kinetrex Energy, an Ind.-based supplier of liquefied natural gas, from Citizens Energy Group. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" KPS Capital Partners’ portfolio company Electrical Components International, Inc. agreed to acquire Fargo Assembly Company, a Fargo, N.D.-based manufacturer of electrical wiring assemblies.  Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Toshiba (TSE:6502) is considering spinning off its semiconductor unit and selling around 20% of the business to Western Digital (Nasdaq:WDC) for about ¥200 billion to ¥300 billion ($1.77 billion to $2.66 billion), according to a report. Read more at Fortune"
" Cable One Inc (NYSE:CABO) agreed to buy NewWave Communications, a Sikeston, Mo.-based broadband and cable company, for $735 million in cash, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Eli Lilly and Co (NYSE:LLY) agreed to purchase CoLucid Pharmaceuticals Inc (Nasdaq:CLCD) for around $960 million,according to Reuters. At $46.5 per share, Lilly’s offer represents a 33% premium to CoLucid’s stock price close on Tuesday. Read more"
" CEC Entertainment, the Irving, Texas-based parent company of pizza-and-arcade chain Chuck E. Cheese's, has begun prepping for an initial public offering that could value the company at more than $1 billion, according to a report by Reuters. CEC is owned by Apollo Global Management (NYSE:APO), which took the restaurant chain private in 2014. Read more at Fortune"
" Claire’s Inc, a Hoffman Estates, Ill.-based affordable jewelry and accessories retailer owned by Apollo Global Management (NYSE:APO), has withdrawn its plans for an initial public offering. The company filed to go public in May 2013. Read more"
" Braeburn Pharmaceuticals, a Princeton, N.J.-based pharmaceutical company that offers an implantable device to treat opioid addiction, has set its IPO terms. It plans to offer 7.7 million shares priced between $18 to $21 per share. J.P. Morgan, and BofA Merrill Lynch are the lead underwriters on the offering"
" Hewlett-Packard (NYSE:HPQ) agreed to acquire Simplivity, a Westborough, Mass.-based data center technology company, for $650 million in cash. Founded in 2009, Simplivity raised $276 million in equity funding. Backers include Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Accel Partners, Meritech, and Charles River Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" Microsoft (Nasdaq:MSFT) acquired Simplygon, a Swedish creator of 3D animation tools, for an undisclosed amount. Simplygon raised $1.49 million in equity funding from SEB Venture Capital. Read more at Fortune"
" Synthesio, a Paris-based social intelligence platform, is acquiring Bunkr, an app designed to improve visual presentations that raised $1.4 million in equity funding, for an undisclosed amount. Bunkr’s technology will be integrated into Synthesio’s product, and its team will also join the company"
" DataBank, a Dallas-based information management and security company owned by Digital Bridge, agreed to acquire C7 Data Centers, a Lindon, Utah-based data center service provider. C7 Data Centers raised $16.5 million in venture funding. Backers include Signal Peak Ventures, BYU Cougar Capital and Canopy Ventures"
" LFM Capital acquired EDSCO Fasteners, a Denton, Texas-based manufacturer of anchoring systems for large steel structures, from Validor Capital"
" New Enterprise Associates, Menlo Park, Calif.-based venture firm, is raising $3 billion for its latest fund, New Enterprise Associates 16, L.P., according to an SEC filing"
" Kline Hill Partners, a Greenwich, Conn.-based private equity firm, raised $180 million for its first secondaries fund"
" Rock Hill, a Houston-based private equity firm, raised $151 million for its third fund"
" The Employees Retirement System of Hawaii has committed $35 million to a Hawaii Targeted Investment Program, a limited partnership managed by Stafford Capital Partners"
" CEI Ventures, a Brunswick, Maine-based venture capital firm, raised around $10 million for its fund, Coastal Ventures IV"
" Arjun Arora has joined 500 Startups, a Mountain View, Calif. seed-stage investor, as a lead partner"
" James Newell is joining Voyager Capital as a partner. Previously, Newell was a vice president at Institutional Venture Partners"
" Eric Woersching has joined Initialized Capital as a general partner. In addition, Vincent Chu and Jen Wolf have joined the early-stage VC firm as operating partners"
 Matt Gullen has joined Comvest Partners as a partner
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
PE DATA: This morning PitchBook released its report on 2016 private equity activity. It’s not great. Deal volume is down. Deal multiples are up. Equity contributions are up. Exit values are down. Fundraising is down. PitchBook calls this a “return to normalcy” from the record-breaking highs of 2014 and the “turning point” of 2015. The breakdown:
" Deals: Private equity firms invested $649 billion into 3,538 deals last year. That’s down 12% by value and 14% by volume from the year prior"
" Multiples: Median enterprise value hit 10.9x EBITDA for M&A transactions last year, up from 10x in 2015 and 8x in 2010. Why? Too few feasible investment opportunities, PitchBook posits"
" Debt-to-equity: The median debt percentage for private equity and M&A deals fell to 50.5% of the enterprise value, compared to 56.8% in 2015. Buyout shops are having to contribute more equity to deals"
" Exits: Buyout firms pulled $316 billion on 1,097 exits in 2016. That's down 22% by value and 18% by volume from 2015"
" Fundraising: 11% fewer private equity funds raised money last year than the year prior, and commitments were down 12%"
"The Recruiting Scam That Won’t Quit: Last year Fortune unveiled a strange scam aimed at the private equity and venture capital industries involving fake recruiting firms called Prelude Recruiting and Renaissance Recruiting. (A separate but related scam involved fake VC firms called Sienna Ventures and Asenqua Ventures.) The idea was to get digital signatures from job-seekers through NDAs, likely for identity theft. These were elaborate schemes, involving press releases on PR Newswire, and fake employees using stolen bios and headshots with fake LinkedIn accounts."
"In November the scam resurfaced. A firm called Lynn Recruitment used a fake press release, a thrown-together site with plagiarized blog posts, stock photos, and fake LinkedIn accounts to lure in job-hunters. After Term Sheet reported on the scam, the site disappeared."
"It's back again, using the exact same email wording as before. But the scammers are taking a different tact: association with government programs. A man named James Bernard has emailed multiple Term Sheet readers from a company called Workplace Recruitment (“a reputable Global Recruitment Firm”). The email uses the logo of WRP.gov, a government program that connects federal sector employers nationwide with students with disabilities. Except it links to WRP.jobs. That site claims to be an agency that collaborates between EARN, a government jobs program, and a compliance recruiting site called DirectEmployers, though it is careful to note it is not the same as WRP.gov. Be careful out there…"
"PE in DC: Wilbur Ross, who once told Fortune that government is investors’ biggest concern, agreed to divest 90% of his holdings and resign from 40 different professional titles in his commerce secretary cabinet confirmation hearing yesterday."
"My colleague Jen Wieczner has the details on what he said about cybersecurity (bad!), job displacement from driverless trucks (also bad!), the cloud (good!), the privatizing the Internet (eh?). She notes that Ross’ approval seemed imminent:"
"By the end of the nearly four-hour hearing, there seemed little doubt that Ross would be approved for the job. ""This hearing is a piece of cake compared to some of the other nominees that are going through the process,"" Sen. Bill Nelson, the raking Democratic member of the Senate Commerce Committee, said in wrapping up the proceedings. Read more. Mnuchin is up today, here are the biggest questions for him."
"Buy, Squeeze, Repeat: My colleague Geoff Colvin has a feature story out this morning that shows that the “buy, squeeze, repeat” playbook for private equity firm 3G, which has worked great for the past 30 years, may not be working on its portfolio company Kraft-Heinz. The industry is expecting Kraft-Heinz to make another giant acquisition (the “buy” part of the playbook), but the available options are either too big, or have already done the “squeeze” part on their own. He writes:"
"The entire food industry is “3G-ing” itself before Kraft Heinz can do it to the companies. Ever since 3G bought Heinz, every major U.S. foodmaker has announced an initiative to reduce its overhead significantly. 3G embraces a demanding discipline called zero-based budgeting, in which every unit’s budget is assumed to be zero at the beginning of each year, and every proposed expense must be justified anew. What do you know? Soon after the Heinz deal, Mondelez adopted zero-based budgeting, trumpeting the expected savings to Wall Street. When Kraft Heinz was closing down plants and laying off workers last summer, General Mills announced it would close five plants and eliminate 1,400 jobs. Read the rest here."
"Jeter: The Player’s Tribune, Derek Jeter’s content startup, has raised $40 million in new funding led by IVP alongside existing investors and GV. In an interview with my colleague Michal Lev-Ram, Jeter touted the site’s brand and plans for scaling."
"[The site] now has more than 1,200 athletes generating content for the site, including NASCAR driver Danica Patrick, Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton, and the Golden State Warriors’ Kevin Durant. What’s more, the site’s monthly average “content views” has hit 100 million, and users are spending an average of about five minutes on each page."
"The company, like all content companies, believes the next area of growth is video. Read more."
Correction: Yesterday’s Term Sheet included the Bain Capital Private Equity acquisition of PSA Healthcare but left out a rather important part (the “Bain” part) of the buyer’s name. Apologies.
  Discrimination lawsuits at J.P. Morgan and at Oracle
  Mark Zuckerberg will spend billions more on virtual reality
  Yellen: The U.S. is close to full employment.
…AND ELSEWHERE
  Fretting about inequality over vintage wine and canapés.  Censorship via app stores. Self-driving cars at Amazon? $1000 an hour for fake news. Ten times Trump spread fake news. Rick Perry’s “learning curve.” Palantir protest. Potential grizzlies.
" The Players’ Tribune, a New York City-based online site featuring content written by athletes (Derek Jeter is a co-founder), raised $40 million in funding.  IVP led the round, and was joined by NEA, GV, and individual angel investors. Read more at Fortune"
" Flirtey, a Reno, Nev.-based drone delivery startup, raised $16 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Menlo Ventures, Qualcomm Ventures, Lowercase Capital, Y Combinator, World Innovation Lab, Goodwater Capital, Amity Ventures, and Partech Ventures. Read more"
" Two Bit Circus, a Los Angeles-based entertainment company that installs circuses, raised $15 million in Series B funding. JAZZ Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Foundry Group, Techstars Ventures, Intel Capital,  Dentsu Ventures, and Georgian Pine"
" Iyzico, a Turkish fintech startup, raised $13 million in a Series C funding, according to Tech.eu. Vostok Emerging Finance led the round, and was joined by World Bank’s International Finance Corporation, and 212. Read more"
" Amra, a Swedish-based digital health company, raised $9 million in funding. Pfizer Venture Investments and Novo Seeds led the round"
" Split, a Redwood City, Calif. platform for controlled rollouts, raised $8 million in Series A funding. Accel led the round, and was joined by Lightspeed Venture Partners and Sway Ventures"
" FLYR, a San Francisco data science company that predicts flight fare changes, raised $8 million in  Series A funding. Peter Thiel led the round, and was joined by JetBlue Technology Ventures, Streamlined Ventures, AXA Strategic Ventures, Amadeus, Western Technology Investment, Plug and Play and Chasm Capital Management"
" Bankin’, a Paris, France-based finance app, raised €7 million ($7.4 million) in funding. Omnes Capital led the round, and was joined by CommerzVentures, Generation NewTech, and angel investors"
" ID DataWeb, a Vienna, Va. provider of cloud broker services for identity security, raised $3 million in funding from Strategic Cyber Ventures"
" Fabric, a New York City-based digital life insurance company, raised $2.5 million in funding. Bessemer Venture Partners led the round, with participation from Box Group, Brainchild, Maveron, Red Sea Ventures, and RGAx"
" Headset, Inc., a Bellevue, Wash.-based retail analytics firm for cannabis-related businesses, raised $2.5 million in funding from Hypur Ventures and Salveo Capital"
" Laugh.ly, a San Francisco streaming mobile app built for stand-up comedy, closed its seed round at $2.25 million. New York Angels led the round, and was joined by Barbara Corcoran, the Wharton Alumni Angel Network, Social+Capital, Backstage Capital, Treehouse Capital, Accelerator Ventures and Atlas Holdings"
" Iris Automation, a San Francisco-based developer of collision avoidance systems for industrial drones, raised $1.5 million in funding, according to TechCrunch. Bee Partners led the round, and was joined by Social Capital, GGV Capital, Liquid 2, Kevin Moore and Pau Bucheit. Read more"
" Biowatch SA, a Swiss biometric identification system designed to be integrated into a watchband, raised CHF 1.2 million ($1.19 million) in funding. Angel investor Patrick Delarive led the round, and was joined by Polytech Ecosystem Ventures and SICPA Finance"
" Elliott Management and Bluescape acquired a respective 5.4% and 2.5% stake in NRG Energy Inc (NYSE:NRG), according to Reuters, and plan to use their combined investment to pressure the company to make strategic changes. Read more"
" Sentinel Capital Partners has hired Piper Jaffray Cos as it prepares to sell Checkers Drive-In Restaurants, a Tampa, Fla.-based burger chain operator, in a deal that could value the company at around $500 million, according to Bloomberg. Sentinel Capital Partners bought Checkers in 2014. Read more"
" San Francisco Equity Partners acquired a majority stake in Red Monkey Foods, a Springfield, Mo.-based organic spices and seasonings company. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" BV Investment Partners invested in C-4 Analytics, LLC, a Saugus, Mass.-based digital marketing firm. C-4 Analytics’ founders Michael Weiss and Justin Cook will maintain a majority interest in the company"
" Consort, the French outsourcing applications and infrastructures company backed by Ardian, acquired Altea, a French software testing and certification company, and Estia, a data intelligence consultant"
" Partners Group has acquired Curvature, a Santa Barbara, Calif.-based provider of equipment routers and switches, from Quad-C and merged the business with its portfolio company SMS Maintenance Services, a Charlotte, N.C.provider of managed IT asset lifecycle support services. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Modere, a Springville, Utah-based manufacturer of nutrition and wellness products backed by Z Capital, agreed to purchase Jusuru International, an Anaheim, Calif.-based maker of anti-aging products. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" The Abraaj Group acquired a majority stake Casaideas, a Chile-based home design and decorations company"
" Shiseido (TSE:4911) acquired MatchCo, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based startup that creates individualized shades of foundation for users based on their photos. Read more at Fortune"
" ServiceNow (NYSE: NOW) acquired of DxContinuum, a Fremont, Calif.-based provider of predictive analytics services for sales teams. Terms were not disclosed. DxContinuum raised $1.6 million in venture funding from an undisclosed investor"
" Bega Cheese, an Australian dairy product manufacturer, has agreed to buy the majority of Mondelez International's (Nasdaq:MDLZ) Australian and New Zealand grocery brands, including Vegemite, for A$460 million ($345 million). Read more at Fortune"
" HNA Group Co. and RON Transatlantic EG agreed to purchase a majority stake in SkyBridge Capital, a New York City-based investment manager founded by incoming White House adviser Anthony Scaramucci, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Laureate Education, a Baltimore-based for-profit provider of high-education degree programs, set its IPO terms. It plans to offer 29 million shares priced between $17 to $20. Credit Suisse Morgan Stanley Barclays are the lead underwriters on the offering. Laureate is backed by KKR (NYSE:KKR)"
" Apax Partners is planning to take portfolio company Evry ASA, a Norwegian provider of IT services. The IPO could value the business at up to 16 billion krones ($1.88 billion) according to a report by Finansavisen. Apax bought Evry for 3.4 billion krones ($401 million) in 2015. Read more"
" MBB has hired Citi,Berenberg and Hauck & Aufhaeuser as it prepares to take German automation machinery manufacturer Aumann public, according to a report by Reuters. Read more"
" Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) agreed to buy Apiary, a Prague and San Francisco-based API platform. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. Apiary raised $8.5 million from investors including Baseline Ventures, Credo Ventures, Flybridge Capital Partners, and angel investors such as Esther Dyson and James Lindenbaum. Read more at Fortune"
" Hyatt Hotels Corporation acquired Miraval Group, a Tuscan, Ariz.-based operator of wellness spas and resorts, from KSL Capital. Under terms of the deal, Hyatt will pay $215 million for the Miraval brand and two resorts. Read more at Fortune"
" PNC Riverarch Capital sold Goldco, which operates 46 Burger King restaurants in Southeast Florida, to Seven Hospitality. Terms were not disclosed"
" Rocket Internet (XTRA:RKET) raised $1 billion for its latest fund, Rocket Internet Capital Partners Fund, which will invest in Internet startups in Europe"
 Jason Urband has been promoted to principal and Josh Sartisky has been promoted to senior associate at Lariat Partners
" Scott McCorkle joined the venture firm High Alpha as an executive-in-residence. Previously, McCorkle was CEO of Salesforce Marketing Cloud"
 Joseph M. Fortunato joined J.W. Childs Associates as an operating partner
" Lenny Pruss joined Amplify Partners as a partner, and Ted Stinson and Evan Sparks joined the firm as an executive-in-residence and an entrepreneur-in-residence, respectively. In addition, David Beyer has been promoted to partner"
 Tom Shehab is now a managing director at Arboretum Ventures. Previously he was a principle at the firm
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"IPOs: The data does not lie: IPOs are dwindling and so is the number of public companies. The number of US-listed companies has dropped 37% since 1997, Fortune reports."
"People Moves: Rachel Lam is stepping down from her role as head of Time Warner’s venture capital arm.  She’s run the unit since 2003, investing in companies like Maker Studios and Bluefin Labs."
"Allison Goldberg, who has been at Time Warner since 2001, is taking over as senior VP of Time Warner Investments. Goldberg tells Term Sheet that the venture arm’s mandate of investing in strategic startups won’t change. Lam’s board seats for Mashable, Kamcord and Simulmedia will transition to Goldberg, VP Scott Levine, and potentially Time Warner divisional executives."
"Lam will stay on the board of Tremor Video (the company acquired Time Warner investment ScanScout in 2010). She tells Term Sheet she plans to take some time off before “one more adventure that will ideally have an impact on the women/diversity equation in venture investing.” It will likely involve investing and working with entrepreneurs, she says."
"Payments: Remember Dwolla? The Des Moines payments company made a splash in the early part of this decade when it raised cash from Union Square Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz and Ashton Kutcher. (It has raised a total of $32.5 million.) But aside from a fine over its data security claims, it’s been relatively quiet for the last year. Dwolla is most well-known for its consumer-facing peer-to-peer payments product, which launched before PayPal-owned Venmo became the hit it is today."
"In December the company pulled its consumer-facing app from the app store and asked its users to switch to Current, a payments startup. A few Term Sheet readers wrote me speculating the company was dead. But that’s not the case."
"Rather, Dwolla is going all-in on its SaaS platform. The company has raised $6.85 million led by The Foundry Group and Union Square Ventures to support the new strategy. High Alpha Ventures, Ludlow Ventures, NextLevel Ventures, and Detroit Venture Partners participated in the round. Further, the company will no longer add head count to its San Francisco office, focusing hiring efforts on its headquarters in Des Moines."
"Dwolla’s primary focus will be a product called Access API, which allows businesses and developers to integrate the banking system into their software. The platform has attracted more than 100 customers in its first year."
"Founder and CEO Ben Milne tells Term Sheet the transition has been “a little bit humbling.” Dwolla’s initial thesis was to help people move money around the Internet faster and cheaper, and now it is helping other companies facilitate that with its platform."
"“Dwolla got a ton of media attention when the company wasn’t really anything yet,” he says. “There were a lot of ideas about what the company could become.” The biggest snag was distribution, he says. He initially thought banks and banking regulators would move faster than they did. But there is demand for the company’s white label payments platform. “We need to galvanize around what’s working and be honest about what didn’t,” Milne says."
Have a great weekend!
"Correction: This article has been corrected to say that Dwolla asked its peer-to-peer users to switch to Current, that the company has stopped hiring in San Francisco but its headquarters remain in Des Moines, and that its fine was over data security claims, not data security."
  FYI on Repeal and Replace
"  The digital revolution’s latest targets: Verizon, Macy’s and Time Inc"
  Why Amazon is both a boon and a threat to startups
  Three hot business apps you may not know about
  The least diverse cabinet in 36 years
….AND ELSEWHERE
"Oh, that $100 million? Private equity has Trump on speed-dial. Tesla cleared on autopilot death. Down with pass-through fees. Ugh, Adoptly, the Tinder for child adoption. Snap fires back on lawsuit. Wall Streeters at the Women’s March."
" DigiLens, a Sunnyvale, Calif.-based provider of diffractive optical waveguide technology for augmented and virtual reality, raised $22 million in Series B funding. Investors include Sony, Foxconn, Continental, Panasonic, Alsop Louie Partners, Bold Capital, Nautilus Venture Partners, and Dolby Family Ventures"
" iHear Medical, a San Leandro, Calif.-based company developing web-enabled hearing devices, raised $4.1 million in Series C-2 funding. Ameritas led the round, and was joined by Aphelion Capital and Lighthouse Capital"
" Faradion, a U.K. low-cost battery material developer, raised £1.3 million ($1.6 million) in Series B funding from Mercia Technologies, according to Tech City News. Read more"
" OhYeah! Nutrition, a Charlotte, N.C. maker of nutritional shakes and bars, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from CAVU Venture Partners"
" National Arbitration and Mediation, a provider of alternative dispute resolution services, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Sageview Capital"
" Cristal Therapeutics, Dutch life sciences company developing nanomedicines to treat cancer, raised €12.8 million ($13.6 million) in funding. A consortium headed by Dutch oncology investor Aglaia BioMedical Ventures and Belgian DROIA Oncology Ventures led the round, with participation from BOM, LIOF, LBDF,  Chemelot Ventures, BioGeneration Ventures, Utrecht University Holding, Nedermaas, and Hightech Ventures"
" Ethypharm, a Saint Cloud, France-based pharmaceutical manufacturer backed by PAI Partners, agreed to purchase Martindale Pharma, a U.K.-based pharmaceutical company specializing in opioid addiction, emergency care, and sterile injectables. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Polaris Alpha, a Fredericksburg, Va.-based provider of technology services to the Department of Defense and other intelligence community customers, agreed to acquire Intelesys Corporation, an Elkridge, Maryland provider of mission-critical software and embedded engineering. Polaris Alpha is backed by Arlington Capital Partners"
" Tech Air, a Danbury, Conn.-based distributor of gases and welding equipment backed by CI Capital Partners, closed its acquisition Gasco Affiliates, a provider of specialty gases. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Avaya, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based telecommunications company, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on Thursday. It is negotiating deals to sell parts of its businesses, but said it would not sell its call center unit. Avaya is backed by Silver Lake Partners and TPG Capital. The firms took the company private for $8.2 billion in 2007. Read more at Fortune"
 Anthem (NYSE:ANTM) and Cigna’s (NYSE:CI) proposed merger is expected to be blocked by a federal judge. Anthem is preparing to appeal. Read more at Fortune
" Shanghai Film Group and Huahua Media, both Chinese film companies, agreed to invest $1 billion into Viacom's (Nasdaq:VIAB) Paramount Pictures. Read more at Fortune"
" Aon (NYSE: AON) is in advanced talks to sell its employee benefits outsourcing unit to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice for around $4.5 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co. and IDG Capital agreed to acquire Boston-based International Data Group, a Boston-based group with publishing (titles include Macworld), market research, and investment businesses. Financial terms were not disclosed, but an earlier WSJ report valued the deal at less than $1 billion"
" Falconhead Capital and M3 Outdoor Investments acquired Kwik Tek, a Denver, Colo.-based manufacturer of water sports products from Guardian Capital Partners. Terms were not disclosed"
" Insight Venture Partners agreed to sell a majority stake in Planview, an Austin, Texas-based provider of workplace management tools, to Thoma Bravo. Insight Venture Partners will maintain its original 2014 capital investment in the company"
" NEJ Inc, a Beacon Falls, Conn.-based company that purchases and redistributes unsold retail merchandise, acquired a majority stake in Bills Khakis, a men’s clothing manufacturer, from Source Capital. NEJ partnered with Source Capital on its 2015 acquisition of Bills Khakis, but now fully owns and operates the business"
" Mithril Capital Management, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm co-founded by Peter Thiel, raised $740 million for its second fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Tenzing Private Equity, a London-based firm focused on lower mid-market businesses and buyouts, raised £200 million ($246 million) for its debut fund, Tenzing Private Equity I"
" Raine Ventures, a New York City-based private equity and venture firm focused on investments in digital media, entertainment, and sports, raised $100 million for its second fund, according to the Wall Street Journal"
" Saama Capital, a Bengaluru, India-based venture capital firm, raised $58 million for its third fund, according to The Economic Times. Read more"
 Marshall C. White has been promoted to partner at Five Points Capital
" Liz Crawford has joined Genacast Ventures as an entrepreneur-in-residence. Previously, Crawford was the CTO of Birchbox"
 John Lee has been promoted from senior associate to principal at Osage University Partners
" Luciana Lixandru is now a partner at Accel’s London office. Previously, she was a principal at the firm"
 Daphne Dufresne has joined GenNx360 Capital Partners as a managing partner. Previously Dufresne was a founding partner and managing director at RLJ Equity Partners
" Sun Capital Partners has promoted Daniel Florian, Jeremy Stone, and Jared Wien to managing directors, and Todd Plosker to managing director, head of capital markets"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Last year, the U.S. tech titans slowed their pace of acquisitions, but three companies bucked that trend: Google, Intel, and Salesforce. Of the three, Salesforce had the highest acceleration of deals. Last year the $53 billion software company did 120% more acquisitions than it did in 2015, according to CB Insights. I recently spoke with John Somorjai, the EVP of corporate development and Salesforce Ventures."
"Here are a few takeaways from our conversation, which I’ll post in full on Fortune.com later today:"
"  Salesforce has been aggressively snapping up AI talent, including MetaMind and Krux Digital, the latter a $700 million deal. The key word here is talent (and to some extent, products), says Somorjai: “I have yet to see a large AI-centric business for enterprise cloud."
"  The company isn’t looking to move into more back-office technologies like cloud financials or enterprise resource planning (ERP). There are too many deals it could do related to its existing CRM-focused business, he says"
"  Coop-etition is inevitable. Of Salesforce’s 200+ investments, it has acquired nine. Others, like Box, have grown into partners, and others still have grown into competitors"
" Valuations have “moderated” in the last year: “In 2015, a lot of the high growth companies were going at 12x to 14x multiples of revenue. Now it’s more like 8x to 10x. And then if you go down a level, to the companies not in hypergrowth mode but still growing at 30% to 40% a year, the multiples there are comparable to public market,” he says"
"  Somorjai believes social media marketing and mobile analytics startups are overhyped: “Those are great examples where so many VCs are investing in companies of similar capabilities. And the valuations are very rich and a lot of money is being thrown at companies not creating sustainable business models,” he says"
"Verihoo (Yahizon?): Yahoo reports its earnings after the market closes today. It’s company’s the first earnings report since it revealed its massive hacking, which now threatens to ruin its very complicated agreed-upon sale to Verizon. Convenient timing that this morning we learn the SEC is now investigating Yahoo for waiting to disclose the hacking, adding further headaches for its potential buyer."
"In the past, CEO Marissa Mayer has kicked off earnings calls by saying she’s not going to answer questions on Yahoo’s sale process. The current situation could certainly use some reassurance, or explanation, from her, especially since Verizon executives have been chatty in the press about their qualms on the deal in recent weeks. But instead, the company is choosing to minimize noise around the deal – it isn’t even holding an earnings call."
"Note: This article has been corrected to say that Box is a partner of Salesforce, not a competitor."
  Stocks to own if Trump brings foreign cash home
  Judge okays huge post-bankruptcy loan for Avaya
  Can AI silence internet trolls
"  If you can’t beat Russian hackers, hire one"
  Can a 72-year-old railroad legend do it again
  Tidal may have been wildly inflating subscriber numbers
  Slap on the wrist: Why big pharma isn’t afraid to behave badly
"  The Fortune Unfiltered podcast features Stephanie Linnartz, Chief Global Commercial Officer of Marriot"
  Apple vs. Qualcomm
"  Today in Trump: No tax returns for you, renegotiating NAFTA, ethics lawsuit, a zero-sum economic vision"
….AND ELSEWHERE
"Retailers turn to Silicon Valley to lure customers. Not here to make friends. Davos, through a woman’s eyes. Snap is all about engagement. Purge. Alternative facts. Crowd scientists. Marches on every continent. No record of resignation. $86.7 billion in tech spending. The world’s largest fund vs. Panasonic’s takeover of PanaHome. The rise of boutique investment banks. Snapchat’s hard line policy on fake news and explicit content. Guy Hands: Brexit could cut wages by 30%. Doomsday prep for the super-rich (including some familiar Silicon Valley names). A VC’s plan for Big Carp. Uber drivers are sleeping in parking lots. A profile of Gary Parr, Apollo’s new guy."
"  Tricentis, a Vienna, Austria-based developer of software testing tools, raised $165 million in Series B financing from Insight Venture Partners"
"  Nuna, a San Francisco developer of a data platform for Medicaid, has raised more than $90 million in funding, led by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and John Doerr"
"  UR Work, a Chinese co-working startup, has raised 400 million yuan ($58 million) in Series B funding, bringing its valuation above $1 billion, according to China Daily. Read more"
"  Cuemath, an education startup based in Bengaluru, has raised $15 million in Series B funding led by CapitalG with participation from Sequoia Capital, according to the Times of India. Read more"
"  TrustPilot, a multi-language online review community based in Copenhagen, has raised $6.9 million from Draper Esprit"
"  Lumus, an Israeli augmented reality lens company, has raised $6 million in funding from Alibaba, according to Geektime. Read more"
"  Mainstreaming, an Italian video delivery startup, has raised €4 million ($4.2 million) in Series A venture capital funding from United Ventures"
"  Mobike, a Chinese bicycle rental app, raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Foxconn. The investment comes shortly after the company raised $215 million in funding from Tencent Holdings and Warburg Capital. Read more at Fortune"
"  Pitchero, a UK-based sports club startup, has raised £3.1 million ($3.8 million) in Series A funding led by ICM, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
"  Edeniq, a Visalia, Calif.-based cellulosic and biorefining technology company, has raised $7 million in capital from existing investors, including Flint Hills Resources, Angeleno Group, I2BF Global Ventures, and Cyrus Capital, along with new investor Trinity Capital Investment"
"  Adarza BioSystems Inc., a Henrietta, N.Y.-based developer of a biological assay platform for measuring clinical and point-of-care samples, has raised $17 million in its Series C funding from RiverVest Venture Partners"
"  Precision Castparts Corporation, a piping components company owned by Berkshire Hathaway, will acquire Wilhelm Schulz, a German piping component company, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
"  Warburg Pincus portfolio company Accriva Diagnostics, has agreed to acquire Werfen, a privately held medical diagnostics firm headquartered in Barcelona, Spain, and its subsidiary Instrumentation Laboratory, based in Bedford, MA. In the transaction, Werfen and its subsidiary have acquired all shares of Accriva"
"  Warburg Pincus has hired Goldman Sachs to sell Safetykleen Europe, a provider of used oil collection, recycling and parts cleaning services, Reuters reported. Warburg Pincus acquired the company 2008 for 565 million pounds ($695.57 million) and could ask as much as 640 million pounds including debt for the asset. Read more"
"  Funko, an Everett, Wash.-based maker of pop culture products backed by ACON Investments, has acquired the assets of Underground Toys Unlimited, a creator, manufacturer and distributor of licensed products based in London"
"  Grupo Espaçolaser, a Brazil-based provider of laser hair removal services, has raised growth capital from L Catterton. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed"
"  Bitcoin Investment Trust, a vehicle created by SecondMarket co-founder Barry Silbert, has filed to raise $500 million in an IPO on NYSE Arca"
"  ING Life Korea, an insurer backed by MBK Partners, has hired Morgan Stanley and Samsung Securities for an IPO. It plans to raise at least $1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
"  FinTech Acquisition Corp. a blank-check company backed by The Bancorp, priced its IPO at $10 per share, raising $153 million on Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol FNTEU"
"  PAI Partners has entered exclusive negotiations to sell Cerba HealthCare, a European clinical pathology business, to Partners Group and the Public Sector Pensions Investment Board"
"  Outfit7, Cyprus-based the maker of the Talking Tom mobile app, has sold to United Luck Consortium for $1 billion. The company’s apps have been downloaded more than 5.6 billion times. Read more at Fortune"
  Sprint (NYSE:S) has agreed to acquire 33% of Tidal. Read more at Fortune
"  AMC Theatres (NYSE:AMC) has agreed to acquire Stockholm-based Nordic Cinema Group Holding, a theater operator, from European private equity firm Bridgepoint and Swedish media group Bonnier Holding in an all-cash transaction valued at SEK 8,250 million ($929 million)"
"  Francisco Partners has sold Source Photonics, a West Hills, Calif.-based provider of optical components and modules to a consortium led by Redview Capital and Asia-IO. TR Capital, Axiom Asia and Aberdeen Asset Management participated. Francisco Partners acquired the asset in 2010 as a carve-out from MRV Communications"
"  Wix (NASDAQ:WIX) has acquired Flok, a New York-based provider of commerce technology. Flok raised $18.88 million from General Catalyst and Gemini Israel Ventures"
"  Down, the San Francisco startup known for making the controversial app “Bang With Friends,” has agreed to sell to Paktor, a Singapore social networking company. Down was backed by Tim Draper and Great Oaks Venture Capital"
  China has created a 100 billion yuan ($14.55 billion) fund to invest in internet technology. Read more at Fortune
"  Angeles Equity Partners, a Los Angeles investment firm founded by Timothy Meyer and Jordan Katz, has raised $360 million for its first fund"
"  Northlane Capital Partners, a Bethesda, Md.-based private equity firm, has completed its spinout from American Capital in connection with American Capital’s sale to Ares Capital Corporation (Nasdaq: ARCC)"
"  Amit Singal, former Senior Vice President of Search and 176th employee at Google, has joined Uber SVP of Engineering, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
  Joshua Pang has joined Blackstone Group as a principal. He was previously a principal at BC Partners
"  Hugo Barra, VP of the global division for Chinese device maker Xiaomi, will leave the company and return to the U.S. Read more at Fortune"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Fund: Merus Capital has raised $85 million for its third fund. It’s around double the size of the early stage venture fund’s last fund, a $43 million vehicle. In the past, Merus has raised separate special purpose vehicles for its LPs to do follow-on investments in its most successful portfolio companies. Partner Salman Ullah explains that the larger fund streamlines that process."
"Merus, which backs enterprise tech companies, has had three exits from its first fund: Ecommerce data company Runa sold to Staples, virtualization startup IOTurbine sold to Fusion.io, and a smaller exit to Facebook."
"Given the fact that every Term Sheet of 2017 has included the term “AI,” and I’d hate to ruin a streak, I asked Ullah his thoughts on investing in artificial intelligence:"
"“We think of a company as a recipe and AI is an ingredient. It’s just a component of that, and not an end in itself. It’s like saying you are diving deep into HTML. Sure, you need a web page, but it’s not enough.”"
"Yahoo: Despite the storm clouds swirling the company, Yahoo actually beat its quarterly earnings expectations last night. It also delayed its merger close by a quarter. Given news of the SEC investigation over the way the company disclosed its hacking, my colleague Jen Wieczner found out whether Mayer’s $141 million payday could be affected. The short answer is no:"
"Yahoo has a clawback provision, and Mayer's pay is covered by it. But the company's policy only permits Yahoo to recoup executive pay ""in the event of a restatement of incorrect Yahoo financial results."" Basically account fraud, and that's it. Not covered by a clawback: Allegedly covering up two hacking incidents so you can complete a multi-billion sale of your companies main business."
"There's next to no chance of that happening no matter what the SEC investigation finds, because the Yahoo hacks, no matter when the gap was between when they were discovered and when they were disclosed, aren't going to change how much money the company made in the past. And that means Mayer gets to keep her pay, even if the company ends up paying a big fine for breaking securities laws."
"Wieczner notes that Yahoo’s clawback provision is behind the times – in the past clawbacks only covered a company's financial statements, but now they tend to be much broader. Wells Fargo's, for example, included revoking bonuses if an executive managed risk improperly. Verizon’s clawback policy is stricter, too:"
"Verizon's broader clawback policy stipulates that a company can ""cancel"" or require repayment of executive pay if that person engages in ""certain fraudulent or other inappropriate conduct"" including ""financial misconduct."""
"Fintech capital of the world: Chinese fintech companies raised more capital than North American ones in the first three quarters of last year, accounting for more than half of all investments in the category. My colleague Robert Hackett explains:"
"Mishaps at fintech upstarts in the Unites States have cooled investor enthusiasm in the private markets there. Once-soaring firms such as Zenefits, Lending Club, OnDeck, and others, have run afoul of regulation, struggled to meet expectations, or both."
"In China, the biggest fintech accelerants involve the concurrent explosion of Internet connectivity through mobile devices and the rise of a middle class. This revolution has created an opening for new businesses, filling a void left by incumbent financial firms, which are more accustomed to working with state-owned entities than ordinary consumers."
" It also helps that China has ""light regulatory touch, at least initially,"" per the report."
  Federal judge blocks Aetna and Humana merger
  Martin Fink did not stay retired long
"  A Fortune feature story on Huawei, the Chinese smartphone maker, and its global expansion"
 Why Salesforce is snapping up AI startups and skipping marketing ones
"  The MPW OnStage podcast features Marianne Cooper, Ph.D. Sociologist at the Clayman Institute for Gender Research at Stanford University and an affiliate at the Stanford Center on Poverty and Inequalit"
  Attendance at the Women’s March events was bigger than estimated
"  Today in Trump: No more TPP, What Jeff Sessions would mean for corporate crime, Ajit Pai for FCC, record-low approval ratings, eat your feelings for $11.99"
….AND ELSEWHERE
"The Wall Streeters that went long on Trump. Faraday Future sued. Horse Diapers vs. the Amish. Blame technology for health spending increases. Peak millennial. The collapse of Dewey & LeBoeuf, part two. Activist-in-chief."
" Koubei, a Chinese joint venture between Alibaba and Ant Financial focused on commerce, raised $1.1 billion in funding led by Silver Lake, CDH Investments, Yunfeng Capital and Primavera Capital"
"  Turbonomic, a Boston-based cloud company, has raised $50 million in financing led by General Atlantic, with participation from existing investors Bain Capital Ventures, Highland Capital, Globespan, and Iconiq"
"  Whistle Sports, a New York-based media startup, has raised $27.5 million in from Beringea, TEGNA Inc, NBC Sports Ventures, Sky and Emil Capital"
" EquipmentShare, a construction rental site, has raised $26 million from Insight Venture Partners and existing investors Romulus Growth and Y Combinator"
"  LiquiGlide, a technology platform for permanently wet, slippery surface coatings, raised $16 million in new financing from Structure Capital, Valia Investments, Struck Capital and Pilot Grove"
"  Fuse, an Oslo-based creator of a tool suite for app developers and designers, raised $12 million from Northzone and Alliance Venture"
"  Credible, a San Francisco startup providing an exchange for student and personal loans, raised $10 million led by Regal Funds Management with existing investor Carthona Capital"
"  Bought by Many, a London-based insurance-tech startup, has raised $9 million (£7.5 million) in Series A funding led by Octopus Ventures with participation from Munich Re / HSB Ventures"
"  The Noodle Companies, a New York-based group of education technology companies, raised $5 million in funding from SWaN & Legend Venture Partners"
"  Careship, a Berlin-based elderly care startup, has raised $4 million from Spark Capital, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Cybellum, a cybersecurity company based in Tel Aviv, has raised $2.5 million in seed funding led by Blumberg Capital"
"  Shoptalk, a New York-based conference provider, has raised $2 million in funding from Primary Venture Partners with participation from Commerce Ventures and individual partners at Bain Capital Ventures and NEA"
"  Aldevron, a Fargo, N.D.-based contract development and manufacturing organization specializing in the production of plasmid DNA, proteins and antibodies, received an investment from TA Associates"
"  ARCOM, a Salt Lake City specification company backed by Alpine Investors, has acquired InterSpec, a provider of BIM-to-specifications software"
" Nustef Foods, a Mississauga, Ontario, cookie and cracker company, has sold an investment of undisclosed size to The Riverside Company"
"  Sterling Partners’ Education Opportunity Fund will has invested in Amerigo Education, a Chicago-based company that works with international students seeking to attend U.S. prep schools and elite universities"
" AppDynamics, a San Francisco-based provider of software that helps companies monitor the performance of their networked applications, has raised its IPO terms from $10 to $12 per share to a range of $12 to $14 per share. The company plans to go public on Nasdaq this week with the symbol “APPD.” Existing shareholders include General Atlantic, Adage Capital Partners, LP and Altimeter Partners Fund"
"  Time Inc. (NYSE: TIME), the parent company of Fortune, has acquired Adelphic, a Waltham, Mass.-based provider of advertising technology. Adelphic has raised $23 million from GV and Matrix Partners"
"  IBM (has acquired Agile 3 Solutions, a San Francisco-based cyber security startup, for an undisclosed amount. Read more at Fortune"
" The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, Mark Zuckerberg’s philanthropic organization, has acquired Meta, a Toronto-based AI startup focusing data analytic technology in the healthcare industry. Meta has raised $7.5 million in funding from investors including Rho Canada Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" Origin Ventures, a Chicago venture capital firm, has raised $65.9 million toward a $100 million target for its fourth fun"
"  Diagram, a Toronto and Montreal-based venture fund focused on financial, insurance, and healthcare tech, has raised $25M funding. Power Financial Corporation (TSX: PWF) backed the fund via its Portag3 Ventures investment arm, as well as Adam D'Angelo, Ryan Holmes, and Joe Lonsdale"
" Incline Equity Partners, a Pittsburgh, Penn.-based private equity firm, closed its fourth fund with $601.1 million in capital commitments"
"  Phil Fernandez, founder of Marketo, has joined Shasta Ventures as a venture partner"
  Adam Fless has joined Paine & Partners as managing director of portfolio performance. Fless was formerly a director at KKR Capstone
"  George Osborne, the former finance minister of the UK, will join the research arm of the BlackRock Investment Institute as a senior adviser"
"  Tamim Abdul Majid has been promoted to vice president at OCA Ventures, a early-stage venture capital firm based in Chicago"
  Jay Pauley and Thomas Tarnowski have been promoted to managing director and Antony Clavel and Peter Francis to principal at Summit Partners
 Dan Costello and Michael Layman have been promoted from principal to managing director at TSG Consumer Partners. The firm did not specify their previous titles before
"  Joseph M. Salley, former CEO of Milliken & Company, joined Arsenal Capital Partners as an operating partner"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Twelve hours ago, I was prepared to write a straightforward, borderline boring analysis of the AppDynamics IPO, slated for this morning. Then …a catalyst changed things. Specifically, Qatalyst Group."
"While AppDynamics was putting the finishing touches on its road show pitch decks, Nadir Shaikh, an M&A banker at Qatalyst Group, was discussing an acquisition with potential buyers. To be clear: This was not a dual-track process. (TechCrunch first noted this last night.) AppDynamics had not yet retained Qatalyst, according to a person familiar with the deal. But Qatalyst doesn’t underwrite IPOs, so drumming up interest from a buyer -- in this case, Cisco -- is one way to turn someone else’s IPO deal into a Qatalyst M&A deal. In other words, the firm lived up to its name."
"Last night Cisco announced it acquired AppDynamics for $3.7 billion. Somewhere, a box of Lucite deal trophies is going straight to the garbage."
"Shaikh also worked on Cisco’s acquisitions of Sourcefire, OpenDNS, and Jasper. AppDynamics’ underwriters Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs advised the company alongside Qatalyst in the deal."
A few notes:
"Timing: The deal came together in about 72 hours. Cisco decided late last week to aggressively go after the company. The AppDynamics team didn’t think there was enough time, but after “maddening negotiations,” according to one person familiar with the deal, it came together."
"Documents were signed yesterday afternoon. That means CEO David Wadhwani was pitching the stock to road show investors as late as yesterday morning, just hours before selling the company. Whoops, nevermind!"
"Demand: The IPO was “crazily oversubscribed,” one person familiar with the deal said, because of pent-up institutional demand for IPOs. That bodes well for whichever company takes the plunge next."
"Pricing: The 11th hour timing gave AppDynamics a lot of negotiating power. If Cisco had approached the company a few months earlier, it likely could have gotten it at a much lower price. But because AppDynamics had nothing to lose if the deal didn’t happen, it could negotiate a cash deal with no escrows or terms. “They had to buy it like it was a public company,” one source says."
"Rob Salvagno, Cisco’s head of M&A, told my colleague Jonathan Vanian, “Timing is always something that you can debate.”"
"Whiplash: The vote to sell was unanimous, but some board members took a little convincing. I’m guessing Wadhwani had some whiplash -- he joined the company a year and a half ago, with founder Jyoti Bansal becoming chairman. The plan was for Wadhwani to build out the management team, streamline operations, and take it public."
"Returns: This is a very good outcome for AppDynamics’ investors, who poured $314 million into the company over nine years. The company’s last valuation was $1.9 billion."
"Greylock and Lightspeed co-led the Series A and Series B rounds. They each made more than 100x their money, according to people familiar with the deal. Greylock says the deal more than returned its entire twelfth fund, a $500 million vehicle that closed in 2005."
"Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, which led the Series C, made more than 10x.  Later investors include IVP, Battery Ventures, Sands Capital Ventures, ClearBridge Investments, Altimeter Capital, Adage Capital and General Atlantic. The latter three were planning to invest in a private placement alongside the IPO."
"What does AppDynamics do, you ask? According to its now-irrelevant S-1, the company operates an “innovative, enterprise-grade application intelligence software platform that is uniquely positioned to enable enterprises to accelerate their digital transformations by actively monitoring, analyzing and optimizing complex application environments at scale.” According to its extremely relevant press release, the company “helps many of the world’s largest enterprises translate this data into business insights and empowers them to drive value for their customers in today’s digital world.” For more on the deal, read Vanian’s analysis here."
***
"In other IPO news: The Jose Cuervo IPO is back on track after a Donald Trump-related delay, Bloomberg reports. The company is reportedly preparing to raise $1 billion. No word on the ticker symbol, but I submit SHOT or LIME..."
"Activism gets results: Bob Evans’s activist investor has successfully pushed the company to transform itself. Golden Gate Capital is acquiring the company’s restaurants for $565 million, while the company’s packaged foods business, a smaller but faster-growing segment, will stay listed. (That business also announced it bought a potato company.) It wasn’t exactly the outcome activist Thomas Sandell had been pushing for – he wanted Bob Evans to sell off the packaged food business, not the other way around. My colleague John Kell notes:"
"Restaurant companies can make ripe targets for activists, as most are tiny by market-cap standards so amassing a sizable stake doesn't cost too much. Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD, +1.81%) and Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG, +2.49%) have both seen activist investors jump into their stocks in recent months. Read more here."
"Deal advisor to dealmaker: Cowboy Ventures, founded in 2012 by Aileen Lee, has hired Fenwick & West partner Ted Wang as its second partner. Wang is well-known in the Bay Area for providing legal counsel to many top startups, including Facebook, Twitter, Dropbox and Square. He’s also known for leading the effort to standardize fundraising documents, having created Series Seed Documents."
"It’s not terribly common for lawyers to make the jump to the deal-making side in venture capital. Lee tells Term Sheet: “What’s most important, especially with a really small firm, is not to hire someone who is just like me – ‘culture fit’ – but to hire someone who was different from me but had common values.”"
" Today in Trump: Retailers fret over border adjustment tax, Elon Musk on Rex Tillerson, Trump’s gag order, climate change deletion, EPA contract freeze, Muslim ban"
 U.K. lawmakers want employers to stop forcing women to wear high heels
 Peter Thiel is a New Zealand citizen
 The techie behind Monkey 47 gin
 How Sonoma’s mayor “Googled” her way into office
…AND ELSEWHERE
The future of meme warfare. Generational trolling: Millennials are baffled by the act of writing checks. The AI threat to banking jobs (subscription required). Why women quit working. The bite of India’s cash shortage. Snap’s big ad sales push. The biggest ever IPO. Crowdfunding doubts.
" Ring, a Santa Monica, Calif.-based neighborhood security company, raised $109 million in funding. Investors include Goldman Sachs Investment Partners, DFJ Growth, Qualcomm, Richard Branson, American Family Insurance, Shea Ventures and True Ventures"
" SentinelOne, a Mountain View, Calif.-based cybersecurity startup, raised $70 million in Series C funding. Redpoint Ventures led the round, and was joined by Ashton Kutcher, Sound Ventures, Third Point Ventures, Data Collective, Granite Hill Capital Partners, Westly Group, and SineWave Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" Vestiaire Collective, a Paris-based marketplace for premium secondhand clothing, raised €58 million ($62.3 million), according to VentureBeat. Vitruvian Partners led the round, and was joined by Eurazeo and Idinvest Partners. Read more"
" Aryaka, a Milpitas, Calif.-based provider of software-defined network connectivity and application delivery to enterprises, raised $45 million in Series D funding. Third Point Ventures led the round"
" OfferPad, a Gilbert, Ariz.-based company that buys houses, raised $30 million in equity and $230 in debt from LL Funds. (This item has been corrected to state that OfferPad buys houses. It does not sell housing data."
" Divergent 3D, a technology development and licensing company focused on the automotive sector, raised $23 million in Series A funding. Horizons Ventures led the round"
" Button, a New York City-based company that helps businesses make it easier for consumers to discover and purchase items via mobile devices, raised $20 million in Series B funding. Norwest Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Redpoint, DCM, and Greycroft"
" Sourcepoint, a New York City-based compensation platform for digital publishers, raised $16 million round in Series B funding. Northzone led the round, and was joined by Spark Capital, Foundry Group, Accel Partners, and Greycroft Partners"
" TripActions, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based travel booking company for corporations, raised $14.6 million in Series A funding. Zeev Ventures led the round, and was joined by Lightspeed Venture Partners"
" Seerene, a German SaaS analytics platform for software, code, and teams, raised $14 million in Series A funding. Lakestar led the round, and was joined by Earlybird Venture Capital"
" Bluesmart, a Mountain View, Calif.-based maker of Internet-connected luggage, raised $12 million in Series A funding. Tsing Capital led the round, and was joined by Monashees Capital, Endeavor Catalyst, and XG Ventures"
" Ozy Media, a Mountain View, Calif.-based daily news and culture site, raised $10 million in funding. GSV Capital led the round"
" Redox, a Madison, Wi.-based API for healthcare  providers, raised $9 million in Series B funding. RRE Ventures led the round, and was joined by 406 Ventures, HealthX Ventures, and Flybridge Capital Partners"
" Dalia, a Berlin-based company that generates market and opinion data from smartphone users, raised $7 million in a Series A funding. Balderton Capital led the round, and was joined by Wellington Partners and IBB-Bet"
" Habito, a U.K.-based digital mortgage broker, raised £5.5 million ($6.9 million) in Series A funding. Ribbit Capital led the round, and was joined by Mosaic Ventures"
" Secret Double Octopus, an Israeli maker of keyless multi-shield connectivity and authentication devices, raised $6 million in Series A funding. Investors include Jerusalem Venture Partners, Liberty Media’s Israel Venture Fund, Iris Capital, Benhamou Global Ventures, and angel investor Yaniv Tal"
" Eight, a New York City-based smart mattress cover company, raised an additional $5 million in Series A funding, closing the round at $11 million. Investors include Yunqi Partners, Azure Capital, Y Combinator, Stanford StartX fund, Comcast Ventures, and Sinovation Ventures"
" Vioguard Inc., a Bothell, Wash.-based maker of keyboard and mousing systems that self-sanitize using the germicidal properties of ultraviolet light, raised $5 million in Series A funding from Imagen Capital Partners"
" Prattle, a St. Louis, Mo.-based data provider, raised $3.3 million in seed funding. GCM Grosvenor led the round, and was joined by New Enterprise Associates, Correlation Ventures, Plug and Play Ventures and unnamed angel investors"
" Community Elf, a Pittsburgh-based content marketing company, raised $2 million in Series A funding. Topanga Partners led the round"
" Voodoo Manufacturing, a New York City-based 3D printing company, raised $1.4 million in seed funding. KPCB Edge led the round, and was joined by angel investors including Tumblr CEO David Karp"
" Illusive Networks, an Israeli cyber security startup, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Microsoft Ventures"
" Kopari Beauty, an e-commerce beauty brand, raised an undisclosed amount in funding. L Catterton led the round, and was joined by angel investors including Karlie Kloss, Shay Mitchell, Hilary Duff, Mila Kunis, and Ashton Kutcher"
" CUneXus Solutions, a Santa Rosa, Calif.-based financial technology startup, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding led by CMFG Ventures, the venture capital entity of CUNA Mutual Group"
" Connect Biopharmaceuticals, a Taicang, Suzhou-based clinical-stage company that develops novel immune modulators for the treatment of autoimmune diseases and cancer, raised $20 million in Series A funding. Qiming Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Northern Light Venture Capital, Lapam Capital and Cowin Venture Capital"
" Shore Capital Partners has made an investment of undisclosed size in Argentum Medical, a Geneva, Ill.-based maker and seller of wound care products and assets"
" Bob Evans Farms (Nasdaq:BOBE) agreed to sell its restaurant unit to Golden Gate Capital for $565 million, including debt, following pressure from activist investor Sandell Asset Management. Read more at Fortune"
" Innotech Capitals acquired Ad-Juster, a Poway, Calif.-based provider of third-party reporting and discrepancy management tools. Terms weren’t disclosed, but AdExchange values the deal within the eight-figure range"
" Court Square Capital Partners is nearing a deal to acquire Infogroup, a Papillion, Neb.-based provider of data, analytics and marketing services backed by CCMP Capital Advisor, for about $600 million, according to a report by Reuters. Read more"
" Inflexion has backed the £40 million ($50.4 million) management buyout of MyPolicy, a U.K.-based specialist provider of telematics insurance for first-time drivers"
" Winona Capital invested in Incredible Foods, a Boston-based food company that makes allergen-friendly products"
" Dermatology Associates, backed by ABRY Partners, acquired Austin DermCare, an Austin, Texas-based provider of clinical, surgical, and cosmetic dermatology services. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" The Abraaj Group has agreed to purchase a majority stake in Jhimpir Power Limited Holdings, a wind power project in Southeast Pakistan, from Burj Capital"
" Toshiba Corp. (TSE:6502) is working with Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) to sell its semiconductor business, according to Bloomberg. Read more"
" Textron (NYSE:TXT) agreed to buy Arctic Cat (Nasdaq:ACAT), an all-terrain vehicle maker, for $247 million in cash. At $18.50 per Artic Cat share, Textron’s offer represents a 41.3% premium to the company’s Tuesday close. Read more at Fortune"
" Jose Cuervo, a San Antonio, Texas-based tequila producer, is planning to price its IPO on Feb. 8, according to a report by Reuters. The company aims to raise up to $1 billion in its public offering. Read more"
" Airbnb is close to acquiring Tilt, a San Francisco-based social payments company, for somewhere between $10 million and $20 million, according to a report by The Information. Tilt raised $62 million in VC funding, including a $25 million Series B round in 2015 that reportedly valued the company at $400 million. Read more"
" Blackstone Group’s (NYSE:BX) secondaries unit, Strategic Partners Fund Solutions, raised $7.5 billion for its seventh fund, Strategic Partners Fund VII LP"
" Northleaf Capital Partners, a Toronto-based private equity firm, raised $950 million for its second OECD-focused pooled infrastructure fund, Northleaf Infrastructure Capital Partners II"
" Atomic Management, a San Francisco-based startup studio that founds and funds companies (limited partners include Marc Andreessen and Peter Thiel), raised $20 million for its first fund, according to the WSJ. Read more"
" AMP Ltd (ASX:AMP) has closed its venture capital arm to focus on its core life insurance business, according to Reuters. Read more"
 T.J. Whalen has joined FreshTracks Capital as a general partner and managing director. Whalen was the chief strategy office at Green Mountain Coffee Roasters
 Andy Tse has joined Baird Capital as a partner to help lead the firm’s  investment efforts in Asia. Tse was previously a managing director at AIF Capital
" Ryan Roberts has joined Pritzker Group Private Capital as an investment partner and co-head of the group’s growing services team. Previously Roberts was a director on the technology, media and telecom services team at Madison Dearborn Partners"
 Ted Wang has joined Cowboy Ventures as an investment partner. Previously Wang was previously a partner at Fenwick & West
" Kenneth Borton has joined H.I.G. Capital as managing director of WhiteHorse Capital, the direct lending affiliate of H.I.G. Capital. Previously he was a managing director at Citi"
" Bradford Berenson, vice president and senior counsel for litigation and legal Policy for General Electric, will join TPG as General Counsel"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"PE vs. Corporate: If yesterday’s last-minute buyout of AppDynamics is any indication, 2017 could be less about the return of big IPOs and more about the continuation of big, brazen M&A. That’s bad news for IPO bankers, public market investors, the open marketplace (if consolidation means less competition), and reporters like me who want more transparency about how the so-called unicorn companies are performing."
"But a rise in M&A is also bad news for private equity firms, a new study from PitchBook argues. Private equity firms are being “driven out of their own market” by corporate acquirers, according to PitchBook. Strategic buyers can justify high acquisition prices as long term strategic plays, where buyout firms need to be able to see the path to a profitable exit."
"I’ve heard rumblings of this issue at buyout shops – they’re priced out of auctions for the best assets, and they’re having to get more creative. The result is an increase in carve-out deals, add-on acquisitions, and more firms building their own businesses around assets like wfireless towers or servicing mortgages. PitchBook notes that add-on acquisitions made up 57% of buyout activity last year, an increase of 8% from 2010."
"Nick Leopard, founder and CEO of private equity consulting firm Accordion Partners, says targets are especially hard to come by in the middle market. ""Any middle market company probably fields a call a week from sponsors to see whether they’re interested in selling,"" he says. But he views the phenomenon as a positive. “It’s good for the industry – instead of trying to buy something cheap, firms are now coming up with creative ways to deploy capital.”"
"Hmmmm: Millennials are apparently driving M&A, with 74% of executives surveyed by Ernst & Young taking millennial attitudes into account in their M&A decision making."
"Not-so-secret sauce: Harvard Management Corp. will no longer manage its own $36 billion endowment; it will lay off around half of its 230-person staff. Writing for Fortune, Roger Lowenstein blames the change on too many universities copying the private equity investment strategy pioneered by David Swenson at Yale:"
"The problem … is a familiar one in investment annals: widespread adoption has bred a return to the mean. Swensen’s secret sauce consisted of diversifying into asset classes that were relatively uncommon and in which Yale, in particular, enjoyed unique advantages. Back in the 1980s, few endowments were involved in private equity, for example, so practitioners enjoyed a scarcity value. And thanks to Yale’s network of alumni and faculty connections, it could access the best PE firms, the best venture capital, and so forth."
"In recent decades, endowments and other institutions have piled into PE, hedge funds, and the like. Results at elite institutions continue to outperform, but by a considerably smaller margin than before. Non-elite schools that adopted the Swensen approach had to shoulder an added burden: the average school, by definition, will merely own the average hedge fund, the average PE firm, etc."
"And the numbers show it. The average university endowment has had a poorer record—over one year, three years, five years, and 10 years—than the average public pension fund, according to the Wilshire Trust Universe Comparison Service. And through the decade ended in 2015, (the last year for which such results are available) colleges also trailed a passive stock and bond index."
"Lowenstein speculates this could lead to a “fresh round of soul-searching” among other endowments. For more on this phenomenon, read his December feature, ‘Why Colleges Are Getting a ‘C’ in Investing.’"
"Correction: The AppDynamics deal minted a great return for its venture investors, but Term Sheet’s sources got slightly carried away with their multiple math. As noted, Greylock’s investment in the company returned more than its entire $500 million fund. But the multiple was not a 100x return, as noted. Greylock invested $23 million and expects $590 million in the sale, giving the firm a return multiple closer to 25x. Apologies for the error."
"Speaking of that deal: Jonathan Vanian has more analysis on what it means for Cisco here. Two things to note: One, there is nothing stopping the big cloud companies including Amazon / AWS, Google, and Microsoft, from creating their own “AppDynamics-killer” to compete with Cisco. Two, shares of the two publicly traded companies in the same category as AppDynamics, New Relic and Splunk, traded up yesterday. Read more."
"New firm alert: 79 Ventures, based in San Francisco, is fundraising with a $30 million target for its first seed fund. The firm’s thesis is to back companies that automate human labor. Founder and managing director Vishal Harpalani believes increased automation will result in extreme deflation (doctor’s visits cost a few bucks), and, no surprise, universal basic income."
 Why 21st Century Fox and other family-run businesses are a big gamble for investor
" Today in Trump: Flawed democracy, hotel lawsuit, doubled Mar-a-Lago fee, deleted tweet, the cost of the wall, scientists gear up, why is he giving away the pipeline deals, registered in two states"
 A Silicon Valley lifer talks diversity in tech
" 7 things to know about Dow 20,000 and 6 stocks that missed the rally"
 Elon Musk’s tunnels
 Solving VR’s biggest problems
 The Wells Fargo scandal is reaching VW proportions
 Middle-aged Americans spend more time on social media than millennials
  Hugo Barra to lead Facebook VR efforts
…AND ELSEWHERE
Wall Street’s “nearshoring.” How the WeChat founder’s obsession with QR codes is reshaping the Chinese Internet. The new reality TV.
" Verily Life Sciences, a spin-off of Alphabet (Nasdaq:GOOG) focused on life sciences research, raised $800 million in funding from Temasek"
" WorkFusion, a New York City-based platform that automates enterprise business processes, raised $34 million in funding. Georgian Partners led the round, and was joined by Mohr Davidow Ventures, iNovia, Nokia Growth Partners, Greycroft, and RTP Ventures"
" Raisin, a German fintech startup that allows users to compare and open bank accounts throughout Europe, raised €30 million ($32 million) in Series C funding. Thrive Capital led the round, and was joined by Ribbit Capital and Index Ventures"
" Doctolib, a Paris-based online platform for making doctor and dentist appointments, raised €26 million ($27.9 million) in Series C funding. Bpifrance led the round, and was joined by Accel, and angel investors including Pierre Kosciusko-Morizet, Nicolas Brusson, and Ludwig Klitzsch"
" Reflektive, a San Francisco-based platform for tracking employee performance and engagement, raised $25 million in Series B funding. Lightspeed Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Andreessen Horowitz"
" KenSci, a Seattle-based startup using machine-learning to help doctors predict when and how patients will get sick, raised $8.5 million in a Series A funding. Ignition Partners led the round, and was joined by Osage University Partners and Mindset Ventures"
" Hungryroot, a New York City-based company making plant-based, healthy versions of popular comfort foods, raised $7.7 million in funding. Investors include Lightspeed Venture Partners, Lerer Hippeau Ventures, and Crosslink Capital, among others. Read more at Fortune"
" RML AgTech, an Indian technology company providing technology support via mobile phone to farmers, raised $4 million from IvyCap Ventures"
" Teachable, a New York City-based platform that helps tutors and teachers create and distribute online courses, raised $4 million in funding. Investors include Accomplice Ventures, Learn Capital, Naval Ravikant, and Matt Brezina"
" OOHLALA, a Toronto-based mobile app designed to provide college students with information about their university, including events and course schedules, raised $4 million in Series A funding. University Ventures led the round, and was joined by Y Combinator, GoAhead Ventures, Real Ventures, LiYuan VC, Fundersclub, and several angel investors including Joe Montana"
" Jiobit, a Chicago-based location tracking startup, raised $3 million in funding from Lior Ron, MATH Venture Partners, and Inflection Equity"
" Sinemia, a Turkish subscription service for cinema tickets, raised $1.5 million in funding. Revo Capital led the round"
" Gimmal, a Houston-based provider of information management software, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Rubicon Technology Partners"
" Next Gear Solutions, a Oxford, Miss.-based developer and provider of restoration management software for the restoration industry, acquired Luxor CRM, a Toronto-based developer of web-based customer relationship software. Next Gear Solutions is a Serent Capital portfolio company"
" Vitac Corporation, a Canonsburg, Pa.-based provider of captioning, translation, subtitling, and audio description services backed by Gores Small Capitalization Partners, acquired Caption Colorado, a Greenwood Village, Colo.-based provider of captioning services. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Thomas H. Lee Partners agreed to acquire Art Van Furniture, a Warren, Mich.-based operator and franchisor of furniture stores. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Warburg Pincus invested in Nexera Holding, an Emeryville, Calif.-based consumer and wholesale mortgage lender. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) agreed to purchase Actelion (SWX:ATLN) in a $30 billion all-cash deal. At $280 per share, Johnson & Johnson’s offer represents a 23% premium to Actelion's closing price on Wednesday. Read more at Fortune"
" Alphabet (Nasdaq:GOOGL) is in discussions to sell its Terra Bella satellite business to Planet Labs for around $300 million, according to TechCrunch. The company also discussed a possible sale with Monsanto’s Climate Corporation. Alphabet acquired the company in 2014 for $500 million. Read more"
" AltaGas (TSX:ALA) agreed to buy WGL Holdings (NYSE:WGL) for C$8.4 billion ($6.42 billion), according to Reuters. At $88.25 per WGL Holdings share, AltaGas’ offer represents a 12% to the stock's Wednesday close. Read more"
" Ant Financial Services, a mobile payments affiliate of Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), agreed to buy MoneyGram International (Nasdaq:MGI) for about $880 million, according to Reuters. Read more"
" United Rentals agreed to buy NES Rentals Holdings, a Chicago-based distributor of aerial equipment, for about $965 million in an all-cash deal, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Detsky Mir, a Moscow-based children’s good retailer and operating subsidiary of Sistema Public Joint Stock Financial Corporation (MISX:AFKS), will seek to raise up to $435 million in a public offering in Moscow, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Jose Cuervo, a San Antonio, Texas-based tequila producer, will seek to raise more than $700 million when it goes public on Feb. 8, according to an investor presentation. The company will offer 476.6 million shares, priced between 30 to 34 pesos per share. Read more at Fortune"
" Kimbell Royalty Partners, a Fort Worth, Texas company that acquires mineral and royalty interests in oil and natural gas properties, set its IPO terms. It will seek to raise $100 million by offering 5 million shares priced between $19 to $21 a share, trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol KRP"
" Francisco Partners agreed to sell CoverMyMeds, a Highland Hills, Ohio-based company developing software to automate the prescription filling process, to McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK) for $1.1 billion, with an additional $300 million in performance-related incentives"
" Kik, a Canadian social messaging company, acquired Rounds, an Israeli video-chat platform that raised more than $17 million from investors including Sequoia Capital and Verizon Ventures. Financial terms weren’t disclosed, but TechCrunch cites an Israeli report valuing the deal between $60 million and $80 million. Read more"
" Spire Capital Partners sold Performance Assessment Network, a Carmel, Ind.-based provider of talent management software, to PSI Services, a Burbank, Calif.-based provider of pre-employment testing and certification services. PSI Services is backed by Waud Capital Partners"
" Venrock, a New York City-based venture capital and private equity firm, raised $450 million for its eight fund, Venrock 8"
 Megan Condon and Daniel Quintana have joined Twin Bridge Capital Partners as associates
" Andrew Rueff has joined Waud Capital Partners as an operating partner. Previously, he was a vice president of mergers and acquisitions for Nova, an Atlanta-based transaction processing company"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Gone: Marc Lore has wasted no time shaking up Walmart’s ecommerce operations. He became president and CEO of Walmart eCommerce U.S. last August, when the company acquired his startup, Jet.com."
"Earlier this month, Jet acquired ecommerce company ShoeBuy from IAC for $70 million. Then Lore revealed a new leadership team for the company’s ecommerce division; executives Michael Bender and Neil Ashe are leaving and a handful of Walmart executives were given new roles."
"Now this week, Lore announced 200 layoffs. In a memo sent to employees on Tuesday, Lore noted the layoffs affected teams “across the U.S. ecommerce organization.”  That includes the company’s innovation arm, @WalmartLabs. He noted, “while some roles are going away today, we’ll be investing in our business and adding new skillsets during the year.” Read his entire memo here."
"Leaving: Creighton Hicks is leaving Kleiner Perkins Caulfield & Byers, Term Sheet has learned. In addition, Shabih Rizvi has discussed his departure internally, but not set a firm date. Both investors list their titles externally as “partners” but are actually involved in what the firm calls a “rotational associate program.” Rizvi is focused on consumer investments and worked with portfolio companies such as Flipagram and Truecaller. Hicks, a former VMware exec, had worked with companies such as RelayR and Nav. In addition, Ju-Djuin Csontos, the firm’s marketing manager, is leaving KPCB."
"Out: Christopher Lynch will leave his role as a general partner at Accomplice, a Cambridge, Mass.-based venture firm. In an interview with Term Sheet, Lynch says he plans to dedicate himself to hack/reduce and hack/secure, non-profits he created focused on the big data and cybersecurity tech communities, and his charity work with St. Baldrick's Foundation."
"Lynch joined Atlas Venture in 2012. Now, he’s hitting the road, combining his non-profit work in the tech community with his involvement with the St. Baldricks Foundation, a pediatric cancer charity. He plans to travel on a tour bus from Boston to Austin, raising awareness and money for the charity. On the trip, he will offer his mentorship, access to his network, and his expertise to local entrepreneurs in hopes of attracting their support for the cause. Lynch will keep his Boston-based board seats, which are DataRobot, Threat Stack, Sqrrl, Nutonian, and Recorded Future."
"Related Firm Shake-Up: In recent months, Accomplice has been plotting ways to consolidate its somewhat scattered family of brands. Accomplice operates Maiden Lane, an AngelList syndicate that allowed its limited partners to invest alongside the firm on AngelList. Maiden Lane has had a few solid exits, including Cruise Automation, Dollar Shave Club and Twilio (through the company's acquisition of Authy). Separately, Accomplice operates Boston Syndicates (known as BOSS), a sort of ""scout"" network of Boston entrepreneurs who have made 42 investments on the firm's behalf."
"Partner Ryan Moore notes that it could be confusing for entrepreneurs pitching the firm to know which area the capital would be coming from. Those efforts were created as experiments, he says. Now that the firm knows what works and what doesn’t, it plans to consolidate those efforts under one brand. “We want to concentrate more capital around fewer folks and be more focused in our themes, rather than casting too wide of a net,” he says."
"The new plan is for Accomplice to give 30 entrepreneurs $500,000 per year from its fund to invest on its behalf. The firm will invest in all of its ""scout"" deals, rather than cherry-pick the best ones, and the entrepreneurs will then get the carried interest on those deals. ""To do pre-seed [investing], you have to do it from entrepreneurs, and you have to build a scout network of people you trust,"" says Partner Jeff Fagnan."
"Related Job Alert: Accomplice is in the process of engaging a placement agent to hire two West Coast-based partners and a principal in the next year before going out to raise its second fund. Recall that Accomplice spun out of Atlas Venture in 2014, raising a $200 million fund in 2015. That fund is 50% deployed. (Atlas Venture continues to make life sciences investments, while Accomplice focuses on technology.) The next fund will have the same target size as the prior fund."
"Jon Karlen, one of the firm’s original partners, left the firm in 2015. Accomplice's current partnership is made up of Moore, Fagnan, Dustin Dolginow, TJ Mahony, and Sarah Downey."
"Yes, that again: I promise this is the last time I’ll talk about the AppDynamics returns. But just to be clear: The Series A investors did earn a 100x return on their investments, but because Greylock also made subsequent investments, including co-leading the Series B, its return was 25x. In other words, a big chunk of the firm's $590 million return came from a tiny sub-$3 million check. As one investor put it: “That is why LPs love Series A investing. Hard to get that kind of upside at any other stage!”"
"This is important: After a long legal battle, an employee of Domo, a Utah startup last valued at $2 billion, has won the right to see the company’s audited financials, the Wall Street Journal reports."
"Domo execs had told the employee, Jay Biederman, that shareholders were not entitled to financial information “as a matter of law.” That’s not true. So he sued. It’s fairly standard for late stage startups to disclose very little financial information to their own employees and angel investors. That makes it difficult for anyone to decide whether to exercise their options or sell their positions. Biederman’s case is a win for transparency. It only cost him two years and $100,000."
Have a great weekend!
rm •  Mark Zuckerberg and Larry Page are America’s new press barons
 Why Dodd-Frank is unfair to banks  (by former FCID chairman Donald E. Powell
 Blackstone Group’s better than expected earnings
" Changes at Oracle’s cloud group, Apple hires Dropcam founder Greg Duff"
 Verizon wants to buy a cable company
 What’s driving bitcoin’s big comeback
 Amazon is now in the ocean freight business
 How Verizon could spin a cable mega-merger into gold
 Och-Ziff execs charged in bribery scheme
 Travis Kalanick and Brian Chesky’s running dinner date
 Companies issue more stock options when they’re committing fraud
 AI that’s as good as your dermatologist
" Alphabet earnings: Weak profits, but Other Bets are growing"
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Alexis, Alex, and real life Alexa vs. Amazon’s Alexa. Start Up, the Gimlet podcast, is being made into a TV show starring Zach Braff. Stanley Meresman is Snap’s IPO whisperer (subscription required). Trump’s Twitter account is tied to a private gmail account. A profile of Wilbur Ross. Elon Musk has Trump’s ear. Google rides a one-trick pony. Maurice Lévy’s succession plan. Airbnb is profitable."
" BitFury Group, a San Francisco-based bitcoin blockchain provider, received a $30 million investment from Credit China Fintech Holdings Limited. The deal includes equity funding and the establishment of a joint venture"
" CafeX Communications, a New York City-based provider of software for real-time collaboration within business applications, raised $18 million in Series C funding. Rakuten led the round"
" Mindspace, an Israeli provider of coworking spaces, raised $15 million in Series A funding from undisclosed private investors"
" Reviver, a San Francisco-based developer of digital license plates, raised $6.8 million during a Series A funding. WRV and ACK Group led the round"
" Skinjay, a Paris-based maker of in-shower devices designed to deliver essential oils to the skin and lungs, raised €3.5 million ($3.7 million) in funding from Seventure Partners"
" Land Life Company, an Amsterdam ecosystem restoration company, raised €2.4 million ($2.6 million) in Series A funding. Investors include Postcode Lottery Green Challenge Fund, SystemiQ, and Vectr Ventures"
" Welcome to the Jungle, a Paris-based digital recruitment company, raised €2 million ($2.1 million) in funding from undisclosed private investors, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Entrypoint, a New York City-based virtual reality startup, raised $2 million in seed funding. Samsung NEXT and Two Sigma Ventures led the round, with participation from Indicator Ventures, KBS Ventures, Galvanize Ventures, Social Starts, Female Founders Fund, and Virtual Reality Investments. Read more at Fortune"
" Sun Capital Partners acquired Arrow Tru-Line, a Archbold, Ohio-based manufacturer and distributor of garage door hardware and fittings. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" J. H. Whitney Capital Partners acquired 3B Scientific, a Hamburg, Germany-based maker of anatomical and biological teaching product"
 Veritas Capital agreed to buy Harris Corporation’s (NYSE:HRS) government IT services business for $690 million in cash
" Lionsgate (NYSE:LGF.A) is in talks to sell its stake in Epix, a New York City-based premium cable channel, to existing shareholders MGM Holdings and Paramount (a unit of Viacom (Nasdaq:VIAB), according to a report by Reuters. If the deal, which would value Epix between $1 billion and $2 billion, goes through, MGM and Viacom would each own 50% of the cable channel. Read more at Fortune"
" Tesco (LSE:TSCO) has agreed to acquire Booker (LSE:BOK) for £3.7 billion pounds ($4.6 million), according to Reuters. Read more"
" Vita Coca, a New York City-based producer of coconut water-based beverages, has hired J.P. Morgan to explore a sale that could value the company at more than $1 billion, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Jagged Peak Energy (NYSE:JAG), a Denver-based oil and gas company backed by Quantum Energy Partners, raised $474 million in its initial public offering. According to a report by Reuters, the company priced 31.6 million shares at $15 per share, down from the 38.2 million shares it had planned on offering for $16 to $18 a share. Read more"
" JELD-WEN Holding (NYSE:JELD), a Charlotte, N.C.-based door and window manufacturer backed by Onex Partners, raised $575 in its IPO, offering 25 million shares at $23"
" Jounce Therapeutics (Nasdaq:JNCE), a Cambridge, Mass.-based developer of cancer immunotherapy treatments, raised $104 million in its IPO, offering 6.4 million shares at $16"
" REV Group (NYSE:REVG), a Milwaukee, Wis.-based emergency and specialty vehicles manufacturer backed by American Industrial Partners, raised $275 million in its initial public offering, offering 12.5 million shares at $22 per share (above its range of $19 to $21)"
" Värde Partners completed its previously announced sale of NewDay, a U.K. provider of consumer credit, to Cinven and CVC Capital Partners. The deal reportedly was valued at around £1 billion ($1.3 billion)"
" Fishbowl, Inc., a Alexandria, Va.-based marketing analytics platform for the restaurant industry, was acquired by Symphony Technology Group. Fishbowl raised $19 million in venture funding from investors including Edison Partners and Valhalla Partners"
" Ebates, Rakuten’s (TSE:4755) San Francisco-based online cashback shopping unit , acquired Cartera Commerce, a Lexington, Mass.-based shopping rewards site. Cartera Commerce raised $36.8 million in VC funding from investors including Flybridge Capital Partners and Dace Ventures"
" WndrCo, the investment firm created by former DreamWorks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg, former DreamWorks President Ann Daly and former Dropbox CFO Sujay Jaswa, has held a first close on $591 million, according to a regulatory filing. Based in Los Angeles and San Francisco, the firm is expected to employ an “IAC model” of both investing in and incubating startups. Read Fortune’s 2016 profile of Katzenberg here"
" Nyca Partners, a New York City-based venture firm focused on fintech, has raised $125 million for its second fund. Founder and former Visa president Hans Morris runs the firm alongside Ravi Mohan, David Sica, and Jeff Reitman and investment partners Osama Bedier, Brian Finn, Max Levchin, Tom Miglis, and Charlie Songhurst"
" Lime Rock has made a series of promotions: Greg Highberger is now a managing director, Blair Barlow is now a director, Anu Mehta is now a deputy general counsel and chief compliance officer, Andrew Gautier-Winther is now a vice president, and Ben Burns is now a senior associate"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"The tech industry has found its backbone, making increasingly bold statements and donations in reaction to President Trump’s order to deny entry to refugees and citizens of predominantly Muslim countries over the weekend. It culminated with Google and its employees donating $4 million the American Civil Liberties Union, the Immigrant Legal Resource Center, the International Rescue Committee and the United Nation's refugee agency (UNHCR). Alphabet co-founder Sergey Brin was even seen protesting at SFO over the weekend."
"As some commentators have pointed out, the tech industry offered little vocal opposition over issues like Trump’s border wall or his threats to freedom of the press. But immigration is the industry’s pet political topic. Work visas may be next. Casey Newton at the Verge has ranked the responses from strongest to weakest, noting, “Your obligation is to oppose this ban for business reasons. Your opportunity is to oppose this ban for moral reasons.”"
"Elsewhere in the corporate world, the CEOs of Nike, Allergan and Starbucks spoke out against the order. Others, including Jamie Dimon and Jeff Immelt, spoke only in terms of how this affected their businesses. CEOs from the manufacturing industry, Wall Street, and Trump advisor Stephen Schwarzman remained quiet."
"M&A: When First Round Capital asked startup founders which company they most wanted to acquire their startup, they chose Alphabet more than any other company. Eleven percent of those surveyed voted for Alphabet, 5% chose Facebook, 4% chose Amazon and 4% chose Salesforce."
"I recently spoke with Don Harrison, who heads up M&A at the most significant part of Alphabet – the Google part. We discussed his priorities, what Alphabet’s “new austerity” means for M&A, and whether AI startups are selling snake oil. A few takeaways:"
" Google’s M&A priorities are the same as the company’s overall priorities: AI, Cloud, hardware and Google Assistant, AR, and VR"
" Alphabet has been an active acquirer for the past two years but we haven’t seen any major, splashy M&A deals. Harrison says the big swings tend to be “lumpy” and that 2014 was a “big year” for the company in terms of deals. “My team is still suffering from 2014,” he says"
" Harrison does not believe that the “new austerity” at Google, driven by the Alphabet re-organization and CFO Ruth Porat’s financial discipline, means an end to aggressive deals like the acquisition of YouTube"
"“Looking at Sundar’s strategy on the Google side of things, I’ve only seen it grow in the areas we’re focused on and thinking about addressing. Looking at the strategy of the company, I think we’ve succeeded over the last year since we transitioned to Alphabet to be more disciplined about the bets we’re supporting. But our willingness to buy a DoubleClick, or a DeepMind, et cetera, I’ve only seen excitement about bringing those kinds of opportunities forward. We’ll be just as aggressive as we were in 2006 when we decided to buy YouTube.“"
" Harrison said he is still excited by the smart home thesis behind Nest and Dropcam. When asked, given the reports of internal issues at the companies, if he would structure the deals differently now, Harrison spoke in general about the three things that make deals successful at Google. They are: (1) Making sure the key leaders at the company share a vision with the founder, (2) Making sure the strategy drives the M&A, as opposed to the M&A driving the strategy, and (3) Making sure [Google has] good support mechanisms for these companies after they come in"
" I asked about a trend that I find both amusing and a tiny bit concerning: According to some VC's, AI and machine learning PhD students from Stanford and MIT are apparently banding together and calling themselves companies without much of an idea or product, but as a way to sell themselves in high-priced talent acquisitions. Has he seen that happening"
"“These companies are very early stage and the techniques they’re using are not proven yet. The business models have still to come – so these are very early stage. And so I know you’re being humorous, but the universities are driving the talent."
"“When we do our diligence, we think about whether what they’re producing is worth the investment. And we now have really good people at the company focused on this, so our ability to sniff out in diligence a promising idea or approach versus companies that aren’t bringing a lot of value to the table is pretty good. But because we do investment after investment in this space and have assembled a pretty good team, these founders are excited to come work with us.”"
The full Q&A will be up on Fortune.com later today.
 The global backlash to the immigration ban
 The end of the honeymoon between Trump and Silicon Valley
 Hotel smart locks hacked
…AND ELSEWHERE
"The battle of the raging b****. Scaramucci’s mystery investors. The former Clinton aide rewriting Silicon Valley’s political playbook. Old-fashioned jet tracking sniffs out a big M&A deal. Visualizing Trump’s 1,500 business connections. The rule of law. The ACLU’s $24.1 million in donations."
" Altiostar Networks, a Tewksbury, Mass.-based developer of equipment designed to extend mobile network operators’ LTE networks, raised $27 million in funding, according to an SEC filing. Investors weren’t named, but previous backers include Excelestar Ventures and Cisco Systems"
" The Bouqs, a Marina Del Rey, Calif.-based online flower retailer, raised $24 million in Series C funding, according to TechCrunch. Partech Ventures led the round, and was joined by NextEquity Partners, Reimagined Ventures, Azure Capital Partners, KEC Ventures, Quest Venture Partners, and Robert Herjavec"
" Budbee, a Stockholm-based delivery service, raised €3 million ($3.2 million) in funding, according to Tech.eu. Investors include H&M CEO Karl-Johan Persson, Sebastian Siemiatkowski, and Paul Fischbein. Read more"
" Spoke, a U.K.-based online menswear brand, raised $1.8 million in funding. Oxford Capital led the round, and was joined by Forward Partners, Seedcamp, and a number of angel investors"
" UberCloud, a Los Altos, Calif.-based cloud simulation for engineers and scientists to discover, test, and buy computing on demand, raised $1.7 million in funding. Earlybird Venture Capital led the round"
" Biscayne Neurotherapeutics, a spin-out of Miami-based Biscayne Pharmaceuticals that is working to a develop anti-epileptic drug, raised $3 million in Series B funding, according to The Miami Herald. Quark Venture, GF Securities, and Mesa Verde Venture Partners led the round. Read more"
" Ampersand Capital Partners and 1315 Capital agreed to acquire Genoptix’s commercial laboratory. Genoptix, a Carlsbad, Calif.-based provider of specialized oncology diagnostic services, is a subsidiary of Novartis AG (SWX:NOVN). Financial terms were not disclosed"
" IBA Molecular, a French biopharmeutical company backed by CapVest Associates, completed its previously announced purchase of Mallinckrodt (NYSE:MNK) nuclear imaging business. An earlier statement from the company valued the deal at about $690 million"
" JW Capital acquired Eco Flower, an Ogden, Utah-based sustainable floral bouquet company"
" Northlane Capital Partners acquired PAR Excellence Systems, a Cincinnati-based provider of automated supply chain management systems and related support services to hospitals across the United State"
" Harvest Partners acquired a $62.5 million minority stake in GPM Investments, a  Richmond, Va.-based owner and operator of convenience store chains in the U.S.  Terms of the transaction were not disclosed"
"  HGGC invested in Davies Group, a London-based outsourced insurance service provider"
" Thoma Bravo completed its previously announced purchase of a majority stake in Planview, an Austin, Texas-based provider of collaboration and resource management products, from Insight Venture Partners. Financial terms were disclosed. Insight will retain a minority stake in the company"
" Pelican Energy Partners recapitalized and invested in Global Heat Transfer, an Edmonton-based company that manufactures and repair of radiators, oil coolers, gas coolers, and industrial cooling systems"
" Vodafone Group (LSE:VOD) is in talks to merge its Indian subsidiary with Idea Cellular (NSEI:IDEA), a Mumbai-based provider of GSM based mobile services, which could lead the company to make its India unit a separate business. Read more at Fortune"
" Keysight Technologies (NYSE:KEYS) agreed to acquire Ixia (Nasdaq:XXIA) for about $1.6 billion in cash, according to Reuters. Keysight offer, at $19.65 per share, represents an approximately 8% premium to Ixia’s close on Friday. Read more"
" McDonald’s (NYSE:MCD) agreed to sell its 435 restaurants in Denmark, Norway, Finland and Sweden to Terra Firma Capital Partners's founder and chairman Guy Hands, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Tesco (LON: TSCO) announced it would take over Booker Group (LON: BOK), a UK food supplier, for £3.7 billion ($4.6 billion) on Friday, increasing its exposure to the fast growing catering sector"
" Snap Inc, the Venice, Calif.-based parent company of the social media app Snapchat, is expected to publicly file for an IPO this week, according to a report by Reuters.  The company, which has already confidentially filed to go public, could be valued somewhere between $20 billion and $25 billion. Read more at Fortune"
"Mauser Group, an Amsterdam-based manufacturer of industrial packaging, set the terms for its IPO on the NYSE. The company plans offering 12.6 million shares at a price range of $20 to $22, giving it a market value of $1 billion at the midpoint of its range. Mauser Group is owned by Clayton Dubilier & Rice"
" Celgene Corporation (NasdaqGS:CELG) acquired Delinia, a Cambridge, Mass.-based biotechnology company developing therapeutics for autoimmune diseases, for $300 million, with an additional $475 million in performance-related incentives. Delinia raised $35 million in VC funding from Sofinnova Partners and Atlas Venture"
" Luxottica (NYSE: LUX) has agreed to acquire Oticas Carol, a Brazilian eyewear company, for €110 million ($117 million). Oticas Carol is owned by 3i Group, Neuberger Berman and Siguler Guff & Company"
" Amplify, a Los Angeles-based accelerator and seed-stage VC firm, raised $10 million for its third fund, according to TechCrunch. Read more. [Update: A previous version of this article referenced the wrong firm. The firm is Amplify, a Los Angeles-based accelerator, not Amplify Partners, a Menlo Park, Calif.-based early-stage venture firm."
" Douglas J. Zych has been promoted to head of capital markets at The Jordan Company. Zych joined The Jordan Company in 1995. Prior to that, he served as an investment banker in the mergers and acquisitions group of Merrill Lynch & Co"
Craig J. Farr has joined  The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ: CG) as a Senior Advisor consultant with the global credit group.  Farr was previously global head of capital markets and credit at KKR
"Ravdeep Chanana joined Gemspring Capital, a Westport, Conn.-based private equity firm, as Vice President"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Hello from the air, where I’m on my way to L.A. for the Upfront Summit. A few brief notes:"
"Oh, SNAP: NYSE has won the competition for Snapchat’s listing. My reaction: Sure, Facebook’s infamously rocky debut on Nasdaq may have been the reason certain high-profile listings like Twitter or Alibaba chose NYSE. But that was now five years ago and plenty of high profile tech companies have chosen Nasdaq since. (For example, AppDynamics... almost.)"
"I would estimate Snap’s decision had more to do with (1) The company’s pattern of doing the exact opposite of whatever Silicon Valley companies, especially Facebook, would do, and (2) NYSE’s heavy courting. For the past several months, the Wall Street exchange’s stately facade has been covered in a giant banana-yellow “ADD US ON SNAPCHAT” banner. NYSE President Tom Farley has even taken to wearing Snapchat spectacles during closing bell ceremonies."
There’s more riding on this than just a day o’ hype. As I noted last month:
"The listing could do more than warm up a chilly IPO market. The investment world is hoping that Snap’s IPO will help get millennials interested in investing. Most young people don’t play the stock market, according to surveys, because they don’t have the money or the understanding. Personally, I would be surprised if Snap’s IPO will change that reality. But the company twice defied the world’s expectations to generate buzz for connected eyewear and a public offering. Why not a third time?"
"Unicorn Watch: Back in those halcyon days of 2015, nearly every new round of venture funding for billion-dollar startups resulted in a higher valuation. But a recent “unicorn” survey from Fenwick & West shows what we knew anecdotally already: “Up rounds” are no longer the default. The percentage of up rounds fell from 97% in 2015 to just 75% last year. Meanwhile flat rounds increased from zero to 21% and down rounds were unchanged in the low single digits. As Postmates CEO Bastian Lehmann said when his company raised its latest round of funding, “flat is the new up.”"
Visions: SoftBank Group is already putting its massive Vision Fund to work. WSJ reports that the company is in discussions to invest $1 billion into WeWork. A few thoughts:
" The most interesting detail of the story isn’t the headline. The story notes that SoftBank has also discussed investing in Uber. Such a deal would only further complicate the convoluted web of relationships between Uber, Didi, Alphabet, Apple, and SoftBank. (Alphabet now competes with its investment Uber, Uber merged with Didi, Didi has investment from SoftBank, SoftBank has Apple as one of its limited partners, Apple competes with Alphabet, etc."
" WeWork and Uber aren’t particularly creative investment choices. It shows the challenge of deploying a $100 billion fund. When you have this much money to put to work, the only logical thing to do is look at the list of the world’s most highly valued startups and ask, ‘Whose cap table can absorb a check this big?’ It’s why we should expect the Vision Fund to do acquisitions in addition to venture-style deals"
" One of the Vision Fund’s biggest investors, Saudi Arabia’s public investment fund, has already poured a lot of its own money directly into Uber, minus the management fees and carried interest SoftBank is charging on the Vision Fund"
"Secondaries Watch: Evercore has a report out on the state of the private capital secondary market. It’s a bit rough: Transaction volume in 2016 fell 12% from the year prior and almost 60% of buyers surveyed have lowered their return targets. And yet! Dry powder is at $90 billion, an all-time high, compared with $70 billion six months ago. Buyers plan to raise an additional $30 billion this year."
"In other words, a giant pile of secondary money is sitting on the sidelines. Nigel Dawn, global head of private capital advisory at Evercore, blames cauation around Brexit and the U.S. election for the drop in deal volume in the second half of last year. He expects transactions to pick back up, despite the decreased return expectations (which Dawn attributes to the secondary market maturing). Lastly, Dawn argues the low volume is also a technical issue, since fewer primary funds were raised between 2009 and 2012. The pickup in fundraising from 2013 will lead to higher secondary volumes in the coming years, he says."
"Sinister Startups: Over the years I’ve seen plenty of clever games meant to simulate the experience of founding a startup. The lesson is usually, “See guys? It’s harder than it looks!” A new one called The Founder as a much darker message: As a virtual startup founder, you must grapple with the understanding that all of your decisions are responsible for turning the world toward dystopia. There’s… a lot to unpack in that concept. More on it here."
"Clarification: Amplify Partners, a venture firm based in Menlo Park, is separate from Amplify.LA, a Los Angeles startup accelerator that announced it raised $10 million for its third fund yesterday."
"PS. The rest of yesterday's Q&A with Don Harrison, head of M&A at Google, is available right here."
" Lloyd Blankfein’s response to the immigration ban. JPMorgan Chase’s response, other Wall Street leaders’ responses. Biopharma leaders’ responses. Harvard University’s president’s response. Mark Cuban and Elon Musk’s responses. Jeff Bezos’ response. Silicon Valley leaders are gathering today to discuss an amicus brief. And 400 New York tech companies weigh in"
 Geoff Colvin on the bind the immigration issue creates for CEOs
" The Fortune Unfiltered podcast features Scott O’Neil, CEO of the New Jersey Devils, Philadelphia 76ers and the Prudential Center"
" Fortune’s Most Powerful Women Onstage podcast features Tamara Ingram, CEO of J. Walter Thompson Company"
" Dropbox’s plan to take on Google, Microsoft and Box"
 Ikea’s ‘open source’ sofa
 Short sellers are giving up on Twitte
…AND ELSEWHERE
The Trump and Dump bot. Goldman Sachs vs. Government Sachs. Robot baristas. Facebook is trying everything to enter China. Sequoia did more deals outside the U.S. than it did in the U.S. last year. Factory workers now need college degrees.
"If you’re struggling to keep up with every development in Trump-land, here is a handy tool to track the President’s agenda and cabinet confirmation votes. Next up: He’ll “do a big number” on Dodd-Frank."
" WeWork, a New York City-based provider of co-working spaces, could receive more than $1 billion in funding from SoftBank Group’s (TSE:9984) $100 billion technology fund, according to a report by the WSJ. WeWork is valued at $17 billion. Read more at Fortune"
"  SoundHound, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based search technology company, raised $75 million in Series D funding. Investors include Global Catalyst Partners, Walden Venture Capital, Translink Capital Partners, KPBC, Samsung Catalyst Fund, NVIDIA, Nomura Group, Sompo Holdings, RSI Fund, SharesPost 100 Fund, and MKaNN. The company has raised $115 in VC funding million to date"
" CSDC Systems, a Toronto-based provider of process automation software, raised $30 million in funding from BuildGroup"
" TeamSnap, a Boulder, Colo.-based provider of team management applications for sports teams and clubs, raised $25 million in funding. Foundry Group led the group, and was joined by Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited"
" Feedvisor, an Israeli algorithmic repricing platform for Amazon sellers, raised $20 million in Series B funding. General Catalyst led the round"
" YouEarnedIt, an Austin, Texas-based developer of employee engagement software, raised $6.5 million in Series A funding. Silverton Partners and IDG Ventures USA led the round"
" Radish, a Los Angeles-based platform for reading serialized fiction, raised $3 million in seed funding, according to TechCrunch. Investors include Greylock, Lowercase Capital, Softbank Next Media Innovation Fund, and Sherpa Capital. Read more"
" GoKid, a Detroit-based startup helping parents coordinate carpools for their kids, raised $1 million in seed funding. InMotion Ventures, Jaguar Land Rover’s VC arm, led the round, and was joined by Fontinalis Partners"
" Lightstone Generation, a joint venture between Blackstone (NYSE: BX) and ArcLight Capital Partners, acquired four power plants from American Electric Power (NYSE: AEP) for approximately $2.1 billion"
" Lovell Minnick Partners invested in Currency Capital, a Los Angeles-based online equipment financing company for small and medium-sized businesses. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" CenterOak Partners acquired a majority stake in Aakash Chemicals and Dye-Stuffs, a Glendale Heights, Ill.-based supplier of colorants, additives and other specialty chemicals. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed"
" ARX Equity Partners agreed to acquire Nutricia Deva, a Czech producer of baby fruit drinks and desserts"
" Dos Rios Partners acquired Pathfinder Aviation, a Homer, Alaska provider of helicopter tours and logistical support services"
" Tech Air, a Danbury, Conn.-based distributor of industrial, medical, and specialty gases backed by CI Capital Partners, acquired Gases Arc Supply, a Denver, Colo.-based distributor of welding & industrial supplies and industrial gases"
" AirXpanders, a Palo Alto-based medical device company, raised $34 million in funding"
" Iconix Brand Group (Nasdaq:ICON) is considering selling its majority investment in Peanuts Worldwide, a New York City-based company that owns the rights to the Peanuts comic strips, DVD, and TV shows. Read more at Fortune"
" Return Path acquired ThreatWave, a Colorado-based email data company"
" Snap Inc, the Los Angeles-based parent company of the social media app Snapchat, has chosen the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) for its initial public offering. Read more at Fortune"
" Radware (Nasdaq:RDWR) acquired Seculert, an Israeli cloud-based cyber security company. Seculert raised $15.6 million in venture funding from investors including Sequoia Capital and Norwest Venture Partners"
" SmartRecruiters, a San Francisco-based talent acquisition platform, acquired Jobspotting GmbH, a Berlin-based job-discovery engine. Jobspotting raised $705,000 in VC funding from investors including Horizons Ventures"
" Susquehanna International Group, a Bala Cynwyd, Pa.-based global quantitative trading company, launched Susquehanna Private Capital, a private equity arm that will be focused on buyouts of middle-market companies"
"Richard Anton and Mikael Johnsson, both have Amadeus alums, launched Oxx, a growth capital investment firm"
Jim Dai has joined Illuminate Ventures as a venture partner. Dai is the former CTO of Coupang and the founder of Calm Sea
" Claus Benkert is joining KKR (NYSE:KKR) as the head of KKR Capstone Europe. Previously he was at McKinsey, where he led that firm’s Munich office"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Oh SNAP: For the rest of the week, the tech press will be hitting refresh on the SEC’s website waiting for the Snap S-1. Today I’ll be doing so from the company’s hometown of Los Angeles, in a room of local investors who won’t be getting rich in the IPO. Snap’s early investors do not include any hometown firms or angel investors. (Upfront, Greycroft, Pritzker Group, A-Grade, Anthem, to name a few…)"
"Excluding Pritzker Group, the same thing happened with The Honest Company, which was even started in L.A. (Snap technically moved here after starting at Stanford.) Missing the next one, some venture associates tell me, is a fire-able offense."
"Despite the disconnect, there is more excitement than bitterness about what Snap’s IPO will do for the L.A. tech scene. They’re banking on the fact that newly rich Snap employees will become active angel investors, and many of them will spin out and start their own companies. (Note: This item has been updated to note that Pritzker Group invested in The Honest Company.)"
"In Transition: Sequoia Capital is passing the torch from Jim Goetz to Roelof Botha. Goetz will continue to do investments, but Botha, alongside Doug Leone and Neil Shen (of Sequoia Capital China), will be the firm’s official “stewards.”  That’s Sequoia’s term for a team captain in charge of preparing the firm for its next generation, focusing on high-level functions like strategy, mentoring, and fundraising."
"The firm has a philosophy of not letting its partners stick around past their prime. (This is not a problem for Goetz yet – he is 51 and his biggest win, an approximate a 3578091238014x return on WhatsApp, happened just three years ago.)"
"Connie Loizos at TechCrunch points out that it’s likely Sequoia will raise another U.S.-based venture fund this year. Most of the big firms have been on a two-year re-up cycle, and Sequoia’s latest fund is a 2015 vintage. (This item has been updated to note that Doug Leone is a steward of Sequoia.)"
"Blurred lines: Last week Term Sheet discussed the need for private equity firms to be more creative in their deal sourcing. There are a lot of reasons behind that trend, including increased consolidation, greater competition from corporations with huge cash piles to spend with less regard to pricing, and increasingly massive fund sizes."
"Activist investors are can take some blame, too. Activists often push for the same changes a private equity firm would: New management, divestitures, acquisitions, cost-cutting. If a company’s already been fixed up while it’s public, there’s less value for buyout firms to extract (or in their parlance, there’s less value for them to add) when they take it private."
"Now activist investors are taking another tactic from buyout firms: Actual buyouts! Reuters reports that activists are increasingly looking at expanding into private equity-style investments. Hedge fund Elliott Management is one example of a firm that’s blurring the line, most recently pushing LifeLock to start an auction after it expressed interest in buying."
"PE pros might be asking, “What’s wrong with activists pushing companies to start sale processes? More targets for us!” The problem is that the activists also expect a piece of the action after a deal is done. Elliot has been striking deals where it retains a stake in the company once it goes private. That’s where it gets interesting. Some buyout firms aren’t willing to share, according to Reuters, like Thoma Bravo’s “snub” of Elliot in its buyout of Riverbed Technology."
"Now Elliott has its own buyout arm called Evergreen. As its name suggests, Evergreen’s money doesn’t come from a traditional private equity-style fund – Evergreen is investing from the same pool of capital all of Elliott invests from."
"YCACLU: The ACLU has joined startup accelerator Y Combinator, in part to help the non-profit figure out how to most efficiently deploy the $24 million it raised last weekend. It’s not the first time YC has backed a non-profit (where the “investment” is essentially a donation). The program began doing that in 2013."
 $1.9 billion worth of business robots
 BlackRock’s ETF hits $1 trillion
 VW and Bosch to pay $1.6 billion in diesel scandal
 Ray Dalio warns on Trump’s policies
 The worst January in 30 years for the dollar
 We’re running low on bacon
 Uber makes it easier to #DeleteUber
 Elaine Chao is confirmed to head the Transportation Dept
 A Facebook video app for set-top boxes
…AND ELSEWHERE
81% of Capital One’s $690 million in taxi medallion loans are at risk of default. Peter Thiel became a New Zealand citizen without ever having lived there. Thiel vs. his portfolio companies. The tough life of China’s ecommerce couriers. The Apple TV is not selling well. Lynn Tilton’s empire is tested. Tinder for orangutans. WSJ discovers the She Shed.
" ClearMotion, a Boston-based maker of a shock absorber alternative, raised $100 million in funding, according to Bloomberg. JPMorgan Chase & Co. led the round, and was joined by New Enterprise Associates, World Innovation Lab, Eileses Capital, and Qualcomm Inc.’s VC arm. Read more"
" Kinestral Technologies, a San Francisco-based developer of energy-efficient smart-tinting glass, raised $65 million in Series C funding. AGC Asahi Glass (TSE:5201) led the round, and was joined by Hermes-Epitek, 5AM Ventures, Alexandria Venture Investments, Capricorn Investment Group, Mitsubishi UFJ Capital, and Versant Ventures"
" Uptake, a Chicago-based predictive analytics platform, raised $40 million in funding from Revolution Growth"
" Knock, a New York City-based platform for selling homes, raised $32.5 million in Series A funding. RRE Ventures led the round, and was joined by Redpoint, Greycroft, Correlation Ventures, Great Oaks Venture Capital, and FJ Labs"
" PATH, a Seattle-based healthcare nonprofit working primarily in Asia and Africa, raised $25 million in funding from the Global Health Investment Fund"
" Earnix, an Israeli provider of predictive analytics software for the financial services industry, raised $13.5 million in funding from Jerusalem Venture Partners, Vintage Investment Partners, and Israel Growth Partners"
" LogicHub, a Mountain View, Calif.-based security intelligence automation platform, raised $8.4 million in Series A funding. Storm Ventures and Nexus Venture Partners led the round"
" Qvivr, a Fremont, Calif.-based mobile payments company, raised $5 million in Series A funding. Khosla Ventures led the round, with participation from unnamed global investors"
" Trussle, a London-based online mortgage broker, raised £4.5 million ($5.7 million) in funding. Orange Growth Capital led the round, and was joined by LocalGlobe, Zoopla, Seedcamp, and angel investors"
" GoldenKey, a Durham, N.C.-based platform that connects home sellers with buyers, raised $1.75 million in funding. Investors include Lowe’s Ventures and NFX Guild"
" Xometry, a Gaithersburg, Md..-based on-demand manufacturing marketplace, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from GE Ventures and existing investors, including Highland Capital Partners, which brings the company's total funding to $23 million"
" Pamlico Capital completed a majority investment in Veson Nautical, a Boston-based provider of maritime commercial management and trading software. Terms of the deal weren’t disclosed. (This item has been corrected to say Pamilco's investment was a majority investment, not minority.)"
" Crane 1 Services, a Franklin, Ohio-based provider of maintenance and equipment services for crane operators, acquired Crane Service & Inspections, which also provides services to crane operators and is based in Monroe, Ohio. Crane 1 Services Monroe is backed by Pfingsten Partners"
" Summit Partners invested in InfoArmor, a Scottsdale, Arizona-based provider of employee protection solutions and elite cyber intelligence services"
" Enlightenment Capital invested in Telos Corporation, an Ashburn, Va.-based cybersecurity company"
" Diversis Capital acquired Arrowstream, a Chicago-based foodservice supply chain technology and logistics services company"
" Kerogen Capital invested $100 million in Pandion Energy AS, a Norwegian exploration and production company"
" Pacific Equity Partners acquired Allied Mills Australia, a Sydney-based manufacturer and distributor of bakery products, in a deal that values the company at $455 million. The sellers are GrainCorp and Cargill Australia, which sold a their respective 60% and 40% stakes to Pacific Equity"
" Invitation Homes (NYSE: INVH), a Dallas-based home rental company, has priced its IPO at $20 per share, selling 77 million shares for a total of $1.54 billion. Deutsche Bank Securities, J.P. Morgan, BofA Merrill Lynch, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Wells Fargo Securities, Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley, and RBC Capital Markets are joint book-running managers. The company was created by Blackstone Group in 2012. Read more at Fortune"
" Foundation Building Materials, a Tustin, Calif.-based distributor of drywall, insulation systems, and other building products backed by Lone Star Funds, set its IPO terms, offering 12.8 million shares priced between $17 and $19 a share. It plans to list on the NYSE under the symbol FBM. Deutsche Bank Securities, Barclays, and RBC Capital Markets are serving as joint book-runners"
" Clipper Reality (NYSE: CLPR), a Brooklyn-based REIT, plans to sell 7 million shares at a range of between $13.50 and $15.50 per share for a total of $103 million at the midpoint of the proposed range. Clipper is backed by Jerica Capital Management, Cedarview Capital Management and Falcon Global Partners"
"Laureate Education (Nasdaq: LAUR), will sell 35 million shares at $14.00 per share for a total of $490 million. The company is backed by KKR"
"  ForeScout Technologies, a Cupertino, Calif.-based security startup, has filed confidentially for an IPO, according to TechCrunch. The company has last valued at $1 billion by investors Accel Partners, Meritech Capital Partners and Pitango Venture Capital, who invested more than $158 million. Read more"
" Take-Two Interactive (Nasdaq: TTWO) has agreed to acquire Social Point, a Barcelona-based mobile game developer, for $250 million. Social Point has raised $44.7 million from Highland Capital Partners Europe, Greylock, 83North, Idinvest Partners, and Nauta Capital"
" Fingerprint Cards, a Swedish biometric company, has acquired Delta ID, a Newark, N.J.-based supplier of iris recognition technology, for $106 million. Delta ID had raised $5 million from Intel Capital"
" British Columbia Investment Management Corporation agreed to acquire Hayfin Capital Management, a London-based European credit platform, from its institutional shareholders, including TowerBrook Capital Partners.  "
" Eventbrite, a San Francisco-based platform for finding and creating events, acquired Ticketscript, a Amsterdam-based provider for online ticketing. Ticketscript raised $11.8 million in funding from Fleming Family & Partners and FPE Capital"
" Carbonite (Nasdaq:CARB) acquired Double-Take Software, a Southborough, Mass.-based developer of software support and workload management services, from Clearlake Capital Group-backed Vision Solutions"
" Lake Pacific Partners sold Gladson, a Lisle, Ill.-based provider of images and other digital content, to The Wicks Group. Terms were not disclosed"
" Razer, an Irvine, Calif.-based developer of gaming devices, wearables, and other products for gamers, acquired the assets of Nextbit Systems, a San Francisco-based maker of the Robin smartphone. Terms of the deal weren’t disclosed, but Razer said it will onboard Nextbit employees. Nextbit raised $17.8 million from investors including GV and Accel"
" Great Hill Partners, a Boston-based private equity and venture capital firm, raised $1.5 billion for its sixth private equity firm, Great Hill Equity Partners VI"
" Huron Capital Partners, a Detroit-based private equity firm, raised $550 million for its fifth fund, The Huron Fund V"
" Third Kind Venture Capital, a New York City-based early-stage venture firm, raised $44.3 million for its debut fund, according to an SEC filing"
 Daniel Clare has joined Constitution Capital Partners as a partner and head of the firm’s new office in New York. Previously Clare was a managing director at Ascribe Capital
" Greg Hughes, David Chung, and Bob Pender have joined HGGC as executive directors"
 Jon Weber has joined BlueMountain Capital Management as head of portfolio company management
 Angela Tran Kingyens is joining Version One Ventures as a principal. Kingyens is the co-founder of Insight Data Science
 Alex Ismail is now a managing partner at BC Partners. Ismail is the former president and CEO of Honeywell Automation and Control Solutions
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Hello from the Upfront Ventures conference in Los Angeles, where, aside from sushi, all anyone can talk about is politics. A few notes on that:"
"Startups and their investors are feeling overwhelmed by the pace of the Trump administration’s dramatic changes. Companies are realizing that when a dramatic piece of news hits, they only have a few hours to respond. Not responding is the same as support. Most companies aren’t used to weighing in on daily political news when the stakes are this high, let alone young tech startups."
"Just look at the #DeleteUber phenomenon. Like most tech companies, Uber opposes Trump’s immigration order. But its response was clunky and badly timed, and users reacted negatively and strongly. Competitors quickly capitalized on the moment."
"Uber has had years to build a well-oiled political machine, with numerous consultants on retainer for precisely these kinds of situations. Of any startup, it has little excuse for messing this up. But this is the new normal: political and PR consultants now need to be on call 24 hours a day.  And we’re only 1% into the Trump administration. Are startups ready to ride the roller-coaster of the last 12 days 99 more times?"
Two other notes on this topic:
"Nabeel Hyatt, a general partner at Spark Capital, said that this is a chance for the tech industry to do an image makeover. “The median narrative around tech six months ago was trending negative, about jobs and so forth,” he said. But innovation powers our economy, and immigrants power much of our innovation. Immigration is a “bottom-line issue.” “You need to [speak out] in a way that your employees are comfortable with, but I think it’s worth being vocal,” he said."
"Jonah Peretti, CEO of BuzzFeed, said he sees a shift from people looking to the Federal government to protect their rights to corporations, states, and local governments. “It’s a big shift and it’s causing people to rethink their strategies in fighting for things they believe in and things they value,” he said."
"Still winning: A year ago I predicted Facebook’s incredible 12 quarter winning streak would have to end soon. It was a matter gravity. The “big blue app” was running out of Internet-connected humans to acquire as users, ad loads have peaked, and new revenue streams (Oculus headsets, commerce and customer service via Messenger and WhatsApp) are far off and challenging markets."
"But Facebook has continued to post blockbuster revenue and profit growth for the last year, most recently in yesterday’s earnings report.  Revenue grew 53% over last year, and profit increased as well. Monthly active users even grew 17%."
Facebook’s stock is up around 17% from last year.  The company is doing so well that COO Sheryl Sandberg brushed off the $500 million fine that subsidiary Oculus has to pay to competitor ZeniMax as “not material.” Tack it onto the $2 billion (plus $700 million in earn-outs) sale price for Oculus.
"In conclusion, I was wrong. Or early, which in investing, is the same as wrong."
"Regrets: Twitter CEO Dick Costolo expressed regret that he didn’t push more aggressively to fix the social media startup’s bullying problem. He blamed not having the moral authority of a founder, in part, as the reason for his shortcoming. Meanwhile Jack Dorsey, who does have the moral authority of a founder, has been back for a year and a half now…  Read more of Costolo’s comments here."
"Bad behavior:  The topic of bad behavior and fraud at startups came up, and the investors on the panel said it happens because venture capitalists get FOMO. Jeff Clavier of SoftTech VC said that his firm has increased the amount of time it spends on due diligence. The firm has trusted experts that help it suss out whether a company and its founder are legit. “If we have a doubt, we just pass,” he said."
Note: Yesterday’s Term Sheet said no L.A. venture firms invested in Snap or The Honest Company. That’s not entirely true: Pritzker Group Venture Capital invested in The Honest Company.
 Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian’s open letter to Donald Trump. Rex Tillerson confirmed
 Sheryl Sandberg donates $1 million to Planned Parenthood
 Companies are failing their senior-level women
 The Fed may have just slammed the brakes on interest rates
 How alternative faces create alternative history
 More than half of the Internet’s sales growth now comes from Amazon
 GoDaddy’s actually-not-sexist Super Bowl ad
 Pokemon Go’s $1 billion in revenue
" PointClickCare, a Mississauga, Canada-based provider of cloud-based software for the senior care industry, raised $85 million in funding. Dragoneer Investment Group led the round, and was joined by JMI Equity"
" Aquilon Energy Services, a Lisle, Ill.-based cloud-based platform that enables energy companies to settle financial energy transactions, raised $19 million in Series B funding. Investors include Citi, Goldman Sachs Principal Strategic Investments, Invenergy, and Macquarie Group"
" Scytl, a Barcelona-based provider of electronic voting technology, raised €12 million ($13 million) in funding, according to Tech.eu. Investors include Vulcan Capital, Balderton Capital, Nauta Capital, Spinnaker Invest, Sapphire Ventures, Vy Capital, Industry Ventures, and Adams Street Partners. Read more"
" Reserve, a New York City restaurant technology company, raised $10 million in Series B funding. Expa Capital led the round"
" GAN Integrity, a Brooklyn, New York provider of compliance management software to businesses, raised $9 million in funding. Edison Partners led the round, and was joined by NorthCap, Chicago Ventures, MissionOG, and Cultivation Capital"
" Yomoni, a French fintech startup, raised €5 million ($5.4 million) in funding from Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and Iéna Venture, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" SIM Partners, a Chicago-based location marketing company, raised $5 million in funding. River Cities Capital Funds led the round, and was joined by Jump Capital"
" Against Gravity, a Seattle-based virtual reality company that develops a social VR app, raised $5 million in seed funding. Investors include Sequoia, First Round, Acequia, Vulcan, Maveron, Anorak, Betaworks, and the Venture Reality Fund"
" Wity, a French platform to help users with public accounting, law, and strategy, raised €4.7 million ($5.1 million) in funding from M Capital Partners, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" Suplari, a Seattle-based enterprise data company, raised $3.1 million in funding.  Madrona Venture Group led the round, with participation from Amplify Partners"
" Text IQ, a San Francisco-based platform that streamlines the document review process for attorneys, raised $3 million in seed funding, according to Forbes. Floodgate led the round, and was joined by angel investors. Read more"
" Xnor.ai, a Seattle-based company bringing AI computational frameworks to mobile devices, raised $2.6 million in funding. Madrona Venture Group led the round, and was joined by Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence"
" Taxfyle, a Miami-based on-demand tax and accounting marketplace, raised $2 million in seed funding. Investors include Jeff Ransdell Group and Jonas Tempel, of Beatport"
" NUVIZ, Inc., a San Diego, Calif.-based manufacturer of head-up display devices for motorcycle helmets, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Pierer Industrie AG"
" Vividion Therapeutics, a San Diego, Calif.-based biotech company using proteome-wide ligand and target discovery to develop therapeutics to treat disease, raised $50 million in Series A funding. ARCH Venture Partners and Versant Ventures led the round, with participation from Cardinal Partners"
" ApcinteX Limited, a spin-out of the University of Cambridge developing a new therapy for haemophilia, raised £14 million ($17.6 million) in Series A funding. Medicxi and Touchstone Innovations Group led the round"
" Glide Technologies, a U.K. pharmaceutical development and device company focused on the needle-free administration of solid dose formulations, raised £3.2 million ($4 million) in funding. Investors include Invesco Perpetual, Oxford Technology Venture Capital Trusts, Oxford Capital Partners, and Hygea VCT"
" VisCardia, a Beaverton, Ore.-based medical device developer, raised an undisclosed amount in Series B funding. Kinetic Capital Partners led the round"
" Sovos Brands, backed by Advent International, acquired Michael Angelo’s Gourmet Foods, an Austin, Texas-based producer of frozen Italian food. Financial terms were not disclosed"
" Bluff Point Associates has made a two-stage $25 million investment in Netgain, a Lexington, Ky.-based provider of IT-as-a-service to healthcare providers and other highly regulated industries"
" Liberty Hall Capital Partners acquired Quatro Composites, an Orange City, Iowa-based supplier of composite structures, components, and assemblies for the aerospace industry. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" Homewood Holdings, backed by Building Industry Partners, acquired Evergreen Lumber, a Port Orchard, Wash. lumber and building materials company"
" Providence Equity Partners has made a minority investment in EZLinks Golf, a Chicago-based online network for golf reservations and a subsidiary of PGA TOUR. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" Pamlico Capital has recapitalized Winsight, a Chicago-based B2B provider of market intelligence to the retail, restaurant, and noncommercial foodservice industries"
" Comvest Partners acquired Interamerican Medical Center Group, a Florida-based provider of primary care and specialty services to Medicare, Medicaid and commercial members"
" General Electric (NYSE:GE) agreed to sell its 43 percent investment in Hyundai Card Co, a Seoul, South Korea-based credit card company, to Hyundai Commercial, Affinity Equity Partners, GIC, and AlpInvest, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Reckitt Benckiser Group (LSE:RB.) is in discussions with Mead Johnson Nutrition (NYSE:MJN) to acquire the company for $16.7 billion. At $90 per share in cash, the deal would represent a 29.5% premium to Mead Johnson’s closing price. Read more at Fortune"
" Kickstarter has acquired Huzza, a Canadian video streaming startup"
" OpenSky has acquired the assets of Dot & Bo, a San Francisco-based online furniture retailer, for a few hundred thousand dollars, according to a report by Recode. Dot & Bo raised $20 million before shutting down in September. OpenSky, which started as a celebrity-curated shopping site but pivoted to a marketplace for small businesses, raised nearly $50 million in VC funding from investors including Alibaba (NYSE:BABA). Read more"
" Hamilton Lane, a Bala Cynwyd, Pa.-based alternative asset manager, filed to raise up to $200 million in an initial public offering. It plans to list on the Nasdaq under the symbol HLNE. J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley serve as bookrunners on the deal"
" Laureate Education's (Nasdaq: LAUR) stock price fell as much as 13.4% in the company’s first day of trading, according to Reuters. The company raised $490 million by selling 35 million shares at $14 per share in its IPO. Read more"
" SK Capital Partners acquired Niacet Corporation, a Niagara Falls, N.Y.-based supplier of chemicals for the food and drug industries. Previous reports valued that deal at more than $350 million. (This item has removed an incorrect mention of AEA Investors.)"
" Sterling Partners sold Hoffman Southwest Corporation, a Mission Viejo, Calif.-based provider of inspection, cleaning, and rehabilitation services for pipelines, to ORIX Capital Partners. Financial details were not disclosed"
" Advantage Partners agreed to sell GTA TeleGuam, a provider of telecommunications services in Guam, to the Huntsman Family Investments"
" HCAP Partners sold Vertical Management Systems, a Pasadena, Calif.-based provider of data, financial networking and account aggregation technology for financial institutions, to NewSpring. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" The Riverside Company sold YourMembership, a St. Petersburg, Fla.-based member engagement platform for member-based organizations to engage their customer base, to an unknown buyer. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Grab, a Singapore-based ride-sharing service, has created a $100 million fund to invest in Indonesian startups as it gears up to compete with Uber in the country, according to TechCrunch. Read more"
" Akina, a Zurich-based investment firm, raised €410 ($443 million) for Euro Choice VI, which targets the mid and lower end of the European market"
" Lee Equity Partners has made a series of promotions: Geoffrey Lieberthal, Rahul Nand, and Collins Ward are now partners, Eric Hsu is now a vice president, and John Ettinger is now a senior associate"
" Frog Capital has appointed Martin Hauge as chairman. Previously, Hauge was a partner at Creandum"
 Russell J. Genet has joined Longford Capital as a director. Previously Genet was a partner at the law firm Nixon Peabody
" High Road Capital Partners has promoted Dan Gaspar to partner, Scott Rubino to principal, and Matt Hadley to associate, business development"
 Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors has Leon F. Chen from vice president to managing director
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"A few highlights from the debutante ball of world’s most secretive company, Snap Inc:"
Basics: The ticker is NYSE: SNAP. The target raise is $3 billion.
"Income: Snap is losing a ton of money, but revenue grew significantly last year. Snap brought in $404 million in 2016 and posted a net loss of $514 million. Compare that with 2015: $58 million in revenue and a net loss of $372 million. As Bloomberg’s Shira Ovide notes, Snap’s cost of revenue is higher than its actual revenue. At a reported $25 billion valuation, that’s a 62x price-to-sales ratio. (For comparison, Facebook’s ratio is 13x.)"
"Users: Snap has 158 million daily active users as of the fourth quarter of last year, and they’re hooked: They use the app an average of 18 times a day. It’s a story of compulsive usage."
"But similar to Twitter in its IPO, Snap’s rate of growth is slowing. Users grew a respective 60% and 66% in the first two quarters of the year, but only 55% and 46% in the last two quarters."
"Snap attributes the dropoff in user growth to “performance issues” from one of its product updates to Android phones and “increased competition” from companies that “launched products with similar functionality to ours.” Fixing the Android issue helped in December, the company says, but so did seasonal usage that won’t continue in future months."
"In other words, Instagram Stories, which launched in August, is hurting Snapchat. After Mark Zuckerberg’s many failed attempts to copy Snapchat, he’s finally done it with Instagram Stories. If at first you don’t succeed, copy, copy again."
"Rights: As expected, Snap isn’t giving shareholders a vote. The filing states that even if CEO Evan Spiegel or co-founder and CTO Robert Murphy get fired, they may be able to retain control of the company. Their total control is even listed as a risk factor. So is the fact that no other company has gone public with non-voting stock on a U.S. exchange. (Note: Facebook and Google’s dual-class stock structures allowed shareholders to vote, even if the votes were mostly meaningless against their founder’ preferred super-shares. Facebook has since created a third, non-voting class of shares.)"
"Ownership: Benchmark is the largest outside shareholder with 12.7% of the Class A stock. Lightspeed owns 8.3% of the Class A stock. Spiegel and co-founder Robert Murphy each own 21.8% of the Class A stock. Of Snap’s outside board members, (Michael Lynton, Joanna Coles, A.G. Lafley, Mitch Lasky, Scott Miller, Stanley Meresman and Christopher Young), Lasky, a partner with Benchmark, is the only venture capital investor."
"Carrot: Spiegel gets an additional 3% of the company just for taking it public. As Peter Kafka of Recode notes, that’s a $750 million IPO bonus. The board granted that stock to him in 2015 “to motivate him to continue growing our business and improving our financial results.”"
Risks: Snap has a robust section of risk factors. It’s twice as long as Facebook’s.
"Competition: The self-described camera company considers its rivals to be Apple, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Google, YouTube and Twitter. In Asia: Kakao, Line, Naver, Snow and Tencent."
"Narrative: The S-1 takes a conversational (dare I say millennial?) tone at times, explaining that, OMG, Snap didn't know how it would make money at first, but because “our server bills were getting expensive, “ the company “realized we needed to start monetizing—and fast.”  Later, the company describes its team as “kind,” as in, “the type of kindness that compels you to let someone know that they have something stuck in their teeth even though it’s a little awkward.”"
"Not a sexting app: “When we were just getting started, many people didn’t understand what Snapchat was and said it was just for sexting, even when we knew it was being used for so much more.”"
"Hard to use: Snapchat has a reputation for being confusing. Lots of people have tried the app and abandoned it, and it is really, really hard to get people to give an app a second chance. (Just ask Twitter!) But Snap doesn’t view that as a problem: “Just because products are sometimes confusing when they’re new doesn’t mean we are going to stop building innovative products for our community. Part of the joy of using Snapchat is discovering new features and learning how to use all of the products that we create.” (If any of you are still confused by the app, see the helpful diagram map on page 72.)"
"Other fun facts: Snap paid nearly $1 million to protect Spiegel last year and bought $650,000 worth of legal work from his dad’s law firm. Snap’s office arrangement could lead to people feeling isolated and quitting. This may be the first ever S-1 to use the words selfie, sexting, party goat and barf. The company will spend $400 million a year on Google Cloud services over the next five years, meaning Google might make more money from Snapchat than Snapchat does.  Snap paid $157.5 million to settle a lawsuit with its third co-founder."
"Is it a buy? Investors I spoke with said yes. Not because they can tie the company’s performance to any sensible financial model, but because they have Facebook FOMO. “I’m willing to risk losing 50% if there’s a chance this is like Facebook and I can get 10x.” But they may have to stick around for the long haul: At its current expense base, investors estimate Snap would have to grow by around 12x to get to Facebook-style profit margins of around 40%."
Chipotle has to shake off its E. Coli slump.
How Herbalife paid the wrong people in its settlement.
Who is winning the race to build self-driving cars?
"Trump isn’t hiring Scaramucci, and why that matters."
How Silicon Valley and Washington can be friends again.
Business gears up for an immigration ban fight.
Travis Kalanick to step down from Trump’s advisory council.
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Donald Trump is dominating earnings calls. Trump’s whims threaten stability, which is bad for business. A tricky period for M&A. New trends in getting mad online."
" MapAnything, a Charlotte, N.C.-based provider of geo-analytics and mapping services for Salesforce users, raised $33.1 million in Series B funding. Columbus Nova led the round, and was joined by ServiceNow Ventures, Greycroft Partners, Harbert Venture Partners, Salesforce Ventures, and individual investors"
" Wealthsimple, a Toronto-based provider of digital investment advisory services, raised C$20 million ($15.4 million) from Power Financial Corp, according to Reuters. Read more"
" Gastrofix, a German cloud-based POS service for the hospitality industry, raised €8 million ($8.6 million) in Series B funding from Radeberger Group, according to Tech.eu. Read more"
" Disruptor Beam, a Framingham, Mass.-based gaming company, raised $8.5 million in Series B funding. GrandBanks Capital and Romulus Capital led the round"
" LogicHub, a Mountain View, Calif.-based cybersecurity company, raised $8.4 million in Series A funding. Storm Ventures and Nexus Venture Partners led the round"
" SparkFund, a Washington, D.C.-based financial technology company, raised $7 million in Series B funding. Energy Impact Partners led the round, and was joined by Vision Ridge Partners, among others"
" Hutch, a U.K.-based developer of free-to-play mobile games, raised $5.5 million in Series A funding, according to TechCrunch. Index Ventures and Backed VC led the round. Read more"
" OptiRTC, a Boston-based provider of platforms for stormwater management, raised $5.5 million in funding. Ecosystem Integrity Fund led the round, and was joined by MissionPoint Partners, the Renewal Funds, the Massachusetts Clean Energy Center, and Geosyntec Consultants"
" Litify, a Brooklyn, N.Y.-based developer of software for law firms, raised $5 million in funding from Fortress Investment Group"
" Klipboard, a London-based developer of workflow management software, raised $1.1 million in seed funding"
" Airware, a San Francisco-based platform for developing and operating drones, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Caterpillar Ventures, Caterpillar’s (NYSE:CAT) venture arm"
" LendingFront, a New York City-based platform for business lending, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Las Olas Venture Capital"
" Tarveda Therapeutics, a Watertown, Mass.-based clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing cancer therapies, raised $30 million in Series D funding. Versant Ventures led the round, and was joined by New Enterprise Associates, Novo A/S, NanoDimension, and Flagship Pioneering"
" Ceres Nanosciences, a Manassas, Va.-based life sciences company developing a diagnostic test for Lyme disease, raised $3 million in Series A funding, according to the Washington Business Journal. GreyBird Ventures led the round. Read more"
" Ampersand Capital Partners has invested in and recapitalized Corpus Medical, a Campbell, Calif.-based manufacturer of interventional medical devices, catheter-based delivery systems, and implants"
" The Vistria Group, Apollo Global Management, and other investors have closed their previously announced purchase of Apollo Education Group, the owner of for-profit colleges including the University of Phoenix, for $1.1 billion"
" Specialists On Call, a Reston, Va.-based provider of emergency telemedicine consultation services backed by Warburg Pincus, acquired NeuroCall, a Miami, Fla.-based company that provides the same services"
" Sports Direct International (LSE:SPD) is considering a bid for Eastern Outfitters, the parent company of retailers Bob’s Stores and Eastern Mountain Sports, according to a report by Reuters. Eastern Outfitters is owned by Versa Capital Management, which acquired the brand last year when Eastern Outfitter’s former owner, Vestis Retail Group, filed for bankruptcy. Read more"
" Macy’s (NYSE:M) departing CEO Terry Lundgren is apparently fielding takeover bids for the struggling company, according to a report by the New York Post. Read more"
" Snap Inc, the Los Angeles-based parent company of social media app Snapchat, has filed to raise up to $3 billion in an IPO. It plans to list on the NYSE under the symbol SNAP. Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, Deutsche Bank, Barclays, Credit Suisse, and Allen & Company are the joint bookrunners on the deal. Read more at Fortune"
" Toutiao, a Chinese company that recommends news, videos, and products, has agreed to acquire Flipagram, a Rolling Hills Estates, Calif.-based app developer, for an undisclosed amount. Flipagram raised $70 million in a 2015 Series B round. Investors include Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, and Index Ventures"
" Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE: HPE) acquired Niara, a Sunnyvale, California-based security analytics company. Terms weren’t disclosed. Niara raised nearly $30 million in VC funding from investors including Venrock and Index Ventures"
" SoFi, a San Francisco-based financial startup that refinances student loans, acquired Zenbanx, a Redwood City, Calif.-based mobile banking company, according to The New York Times. Read more"
" APG|SGA (SWX:APGN) acquired Blinq, a Zurich-based dating app, for an undisclosed amount, according to TechCrunch. Blinq raised $1 million in seed funding from local angel investors. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ: CG) acquired Golden Goose Deluxe Brand from Ergon Capital Partners. Financial terms weren’t disclosed, but a report by Bloomberg values the deal at about €400 million ($430.5 million). Read more"
" H.I.G. Capital sold Fibercore Limited, a U.K. manufacturer of optical fibers, to Humanetics Innovative Solutions, a Plymouth, Mich.-based manufacturer of crash test dummies backed by Golden Gate Capital. Terms weren’t disclosed"
" Scania, a Swedish subsidiary of Volkswagen (XTRA:VOW3) that makes heavy trucks and buses, has launched a venture arm, Scania Growth Capital"
" Aamir Virani has joined Felicis Ventures as a partner. Virani is the cofounder of Dropcam, where he also served as COO"
 Osage University Partners has promoted John Lee to principal
 Lee Ann Kidd has joined Gen II Fund Services as director of business development
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
More $SNAP: Friday’s Term Sheet had a full rundown of the Snap S-1 filing. (Right here if you missed it.) Here are a few bonus tidbits:
" Joanna Coles, Snap’s sole female board member, makes far less money for her board seat than the other five male directors who are being paid, Fortune’s Valentina Zarya reports"
" Snap has one of the strictest vesting schedules for employee stock in the tech industry. That’s likely to slow the brain drain that typically happens at tech companies after they go public. Especially when you consider that, of the company’s 1,859 employees as of 2016, the majority of them (67%) joined the company in the last year"
" There’s a conspiracy theory floating around, based on Snapchat’s slowing user growth, that the IPO is a ploy to attract a last-minute acquisition bid. After the AppDynamics switcheroo, where Qatalyst shopped the company without even being formally engaged, it’s top of mind"
"But most people I’ve spoken to are skeptical for a few reasons: One, CEO Evan Spiegel is not interested in selling. Just look at the meticulous, unprecedented governance structure he and his co-founder created to maintain control of the company. Two, the $25 billion price tag prevents most last-minute buyers from swooping in. Three, see point No. 1 and underline it. But just for posterity, of the companies with the cash to do such a deal, Apple has recently hinted it might do a big media acquisition."
" Not only do Spiegel and co-founder Robert Murphy have the ability to retain their control of Snap if they’re fired, they retain control for nine months after they die"
 Investment managers at some of the top U.S. pension funds are not happy about Snap’s no-vote shares. The Council of Institutional Investors sent a letter to Snap urging the company to reconsider its share structure
"The kneejerk defense here is “Don’t like it? Don’t buy.” But because companies of Snap’s size will be included in major stock indexes, many investors won’t be able to avoid it."
"To be clear: The investors complaining would be passive shareholders anyway. But they believe this structure, which goes beyond what Google and Facebook did in their IPOs, sets a bad precedent. (“For every Google or Facebook, there is a Zynga or GoPro,” Anne Sheehan, director of corporate governance at Calstrs, told the Financial Times.)"
"It also begs the question of whether investors will ever be able to pick and choose which parts of index funds they want to own. (The S&P 500, minus Snap, for example.) It’s not the first time this idea has come up: After the Wells Fargo scandal, Howard Lindzon argued that fund managers like Vanguard should launch an “S&P 496” that excludes the scandal-prone banks."
" Lastly, Snap’s colorful description of why smartphones are so personal notes that “we eat, sleep, and poop with our smartphones every day.” Likely another S-1 first"
"VC Deal: Two years after it was created, Desktop Metal, a 3D metal printing startup based in Burlington, Mass., is gearing up to take its first product into production. To do so, the company gathered up a giant pile of venture capital from a group of noteworthy strategic investors."
"The company has raised $45 million in new venture funding from GV, BMW I Ventures and Lowe’s Ventures. The round values Desktop Metal at $305 million pre-money, up from its valuation of $100 million in April 2016. The company has now raised a total of $97 million. Other investors include NEA, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Lux Capital, GE Ventures, Saudi Aramco, and Stratasys, a 3D printing company."
"CEO Ric Fulop, founder of A123 Systems and former general partner at North Bridge Venture Partners, created the company alongside four MIT professors. Fulop says this round of funding will allow the company to enter mass production. “Our vision is to change the way people make stuff,” he says. “It’s a big vision and it requires resources to scale it up.”"
"Desktop Metal’s new investors are potential customers. BMW could use Desktop Metal’s printers for car parts; likewise Lowe’s for in-house products. Fulop said he was not at liberty to share the strategic reason for Alphabet’s interest (via GV, its venture capital arm). “The promise of 3d printing … is making things you couldn’t make any other way,” Fulop says. “Once you are able to reduce the cost and make it more accessible, it enables you to … speed up the product cycle.”"
"Performance: Chicago buyout firm Sterling Partners will not raise another fund, Term Sheet has learned. The $6 billion AUM firm sent a letter to its limited partners last week stating it would move to a deal-by-deal investment strategy. The firm’s single-LP Education Opportunity fund may be a model for future funds, according to the letter. Meanwhile, partners Danny Rosenberg and Garrick Rice plan to spin out their own healthcare-focused investment firm. peHUB (paywall) first reported on the shift."
"The firm’s fourth and latest fund closed below its target in 2013 with $917 million in commitments. The prior fund, Sterling Capital Partners III, a 2007 vintage, had raised $1 billion."
"Sterling Partners’ investor letter attributes the shift to macro factors including “increased competition weighing on returns, heightened regulatory and tax friction, and less flexibility.” But a source familiar with the situation explains that Sterling was likely unable to raise a new fund because of performance."
"The firm’s first institutional private equity fund was solid, carrying a net IRR of 18% as of the third quarter of 2016, according to investor communications viewed by Term Sheet. But the firm’s second and third private equity funds had respective IRRs of just 3.6% and 7.9%, the result of 12 months of declines. Portfolio companies Adeptus Health and Prospect Mortgage have hurt the performance of fund three in recent quarters. Sterling assured investors it would continue to deploy and manage its latest fund. The firm did not respond to a request for comment."
"Moving on: Neeraj Chandra has left Tiger Global Management after 13 years with the firm, Term Sheet has learned. Chandra led the firm’s equities investments in technology and consumer investments. A source familiar with the situation says Chandra is likely to launch his own investment fund, but there are no immediate plans in place."
 Fortune Unfiltered podcast with Wayne Newton
" Fortune’s Most Powerful Women OnStage podcast with Ellen Kullman, retired chair and CEO of Dupont"
 An abridged history of Snap Inc
 Snap’s governance test
 Google must turn over foreign emails; Uber must share its ride data with new York City
 Canada courts tech workers
…AND ELSEWHERE
The bizarre new YouTube trend. What Steve Bannon really wants. Elon Musk is all-in on Trump. The two men advising Trump on women in the workplace.  I work from home. Jawbone’s latest pivot. Generosity burnout.
" Comprehend Systems, a Redwood City, Calif.-based provider of intelligence applications for clinical operations, raised $15 million in Series C funding. Eminence Capital led the round, and was joined by Sequoia Capital and Lightspeed Venture Partners"
" TerrAvion, a San Leandro, Calif.-based provider of aerial imagery services for farmers, raised $10 million in Series A funding. Merus Capital led the round, and was joined by Promus Ventures, Initialized Capital, and 10x Group"
" SubVRsive, an Austin, Texas-based virtual reality startup, raised $4 million in Series A funding. WPP led the round"
" Jobaline, a Kirkland, Wash.-based engagement platform for hourly workers, raised $3.5 million in funding. Investors include Madrona Venture Group, Trilogy Equity Partners, Founder’s Co-op, and several angel investor"
" Virtualitics, a Pasadena, Calif-based platform that combines artificial intelligence, big data, and virtual reality to help users understand data, raised $3 million in seed funding from angel investors"
" FM:Systems, a Raleigh, N.C.-based provider of workplace management software, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Accel-KKR"
" SCUF Gaming, a Norcross, Ga.-based manufacturer and seller of controllers and other accessories for video games, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from H.I.G. Growth Partners"
" Morgan Stanley Capital Partners invested in Fisher Container, a Buffalo Grove, Ill.-based manufacturer of plastic films and bags"
" Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners agreed to acquire a majority stake in Cologix, a Denver-based data center and interconnection solutions provider. Existing investors Columbia Capital and Greenspring Associates will retain their existing stakes in the company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Jamieson Laboratories, a Toronto-based manufacturer and marketer of branded vitamins, minerals and supplements backed by CCMP Capital Advisors, acquired Body Plus, a Scarborough, Canada-based manufacturer and marketer of natural health and sports nutrition supplements"
" Convergint Technologies,  a Schaumburg, Ill.-based provider of integration services for electronic security, fire safety, and building automation systems, acquired Post Browning, a Cincinnati-based provider of consultation, installation, and maintenance services for the retail banking industry. Convergint is a KRG Capital Partners portfolio company"
" StackPath, a Dallas-based cybersecurity company, acquired Highwinds, a content delivery network specialist. StackPath raised nearly $180 million in funding, including $150 million from ABRY Partners. Read more at Fortune"
" Eastern Outfitters, a Meriden, Conn.-based holding company whose brands include Bob's Stores and Eastern Mountain Sports, filed for bankruptcy protection. Sports Direct International (LSE:SPD) is considering a stalking-horse bid in the company’s bankruptcy auction. Eastern Outfitters is owned by Versa Capital Management, which acquired the retailer last year when Eastern Outfitter's former owner, Vestis Retail Group, filed for bankruptcy"
" Career Step, a Provo, Utah-based online provider of corporate training for the healthcare industry backed by Revelstoke Capital Partners, acquired the revenue capture and coding and documentation divisions from Panacea Healthcare Solutions, a St. Paul, Minn.-based provider of coding, compliance, technology and financial advice to healthcare providers"
" Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe has made an additional investment in Revel Systems, a San Francisco-based provider of point-of-sale technology. The firm is now the majority owner of the company, which it first backed in 2014"
" Google (Nasdaq:GOOGL) has agreed to sell Terra Bella, its satellite unit, to Planet Labs, a San Francisco-based satellite imaging company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Google bought Terra Bella (then called Skybox) in 2014 for $500 million. Read more at Fortune"
" Hudson’s Bay Co. (TSX:HBC) is in early-stage talks with Macy’s (NYSE:M) to acquire the company, according to report by Bloomberg. Read more"
" Klarna, a Stockholm-based online payment company, acquired BillPay, a Berlin-based provider of online payment options for retailers, from Wonga, a London-based provider of short-term credit and financing services for businesses (the company was accused of issuing predatory loans in 2012). Terms weren’t disclosed, but a report by Sky News values the deal at £60 million ($74. 8 million). Read more"
" Stratoscale, an Israeli developer of distributed operating systems for data centers, acquired Tesora, a Cambridge, Mass.-based database-as-a-service company. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. Tesora raised $13.2 million in VC funding, according to Pitchbook, from investors including Rho Canada Ventures, General Catalyst Partners, and CommonAngels"
" Nextdoor, a San Francisco-based social networking site for neighborhoods, acquired Streetlife, a London-based social network that connects local residents and businesses. Streetlife raised $1.69 million in VC funding, according to Pitchbook. Investors include Archant Digital Ventures and Social Discovery Ventures"
" Avery Dennison (NYSE:AVY) agreed to buy  Yongle Tape Company, a Chinese manufacturer of PSA products and insulation tapes, from the company’s management and ShawKwei & Partners for $190 million, with an additional $55 million in performance-related incentives."
" Promus Ventures, a Chicago-based VC firm that typically makes investments between $500,000 and $1 million, raised $14.7 million for its second fund, according to an SEC filing"
" Josh Miller has joined Thrive Capital as an entrepreneur-in-residence. Previously, Miller was a member of President Barack Obama’s White House Office of Digital Strategy"
" Vestar Capital Partners has promoted John Stephens to co-head of the firm’s Business Services and Industrial Products Group, Ben Funk to vice president, and Jonathan Williams to senior associate"
 Rashaun Williams has joined Manhattan Venture Partners as a general partner of the MVP All-Star Fund. Previously he was a founding partner at Queensbridge Venture Partners
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Earlier this year I asked Term Sheet readers to take a confidence survey created by professional services provider Semaphore. More than 500 of you did (around 30% from the private equity, 26% from venture capital, with the rest coming from bankers, LPs, operating execs and third party vendors). The results are in (find them here) and here is the short version: PE and VC pros are confident in themselves, their businesses, their bosses, and their money, and they have little confidence in most aspects of our government. Here’s the breakdown of how much confidence the respondents had on…."
…Their own business: Very. 83% of readers are confident.
…Their industry: Mostly. 64% are confient.
…Their competitors: Mostly. 59% are confident.
…The U.S. economy: Mostly. 64% are confident.
…The international economy: Not so much. Just 21% are confident.
…Themselves: Healthy self-esteems here. 93% report self-confidence.
…Their earning power: Very. 76% expect to earn more than they did last year. (Meanwhile 80% got a raise in 2016.)
…Their boss: Mostly. 64% are confident.
"…Their CEO or Managing Partner: Mostly. 69% are confident (The grass is always greener, though. 76% report confidence in their competitors’ CEOs and Managing Partners.)"
…The former president: Very. 78% expressed confidence in President Obama and 59% expressed confidence in his economic team.
….The new president: Not so much. Just 25% are highly or somewhat confident in President Trump and only 15% are confident or somewhat confident in his economic team.
…Congress: Not so much. 21% are confident in Congress.
…Speaker Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell: Not so much. 25% are confident in Ryan; 33% for McConnell.
…Taxes: Only 20% are confident in the U.S. tax and spending policy and only 16% of international respondents expressed confidence in their countries’ tax and spending policies.
"Sectors: In 2016, the top three industries for investment were (in order) healthcare, enterprise software, and healthcare/financial services. Next year you expect enterprise software and healthcare/financial services to jump ahead of general healthcare deals. (Consumer, digital media and entertainment lagged those industries for both time frames.)"
"Lastly, a few predictions: The majority of respondents (57%) expect personal income tax rates to drop this year, and even more (70%) expect lower corporate income taxes. And not many of you are preparing to say goodbye to carried interest. Only 22% expect favorable carried interest tax treatment to be eliminated this year. Carry on."
 Airbnb’s Super Bowl ad is not what it seems
 Why President Trump’s wall won’t help U.S. workers
 Goldman Sachs turns on President Trump
 97 companies signed the legal brief against Trump’s travel ban
 The Zuckerberg Chan initiative donates $3 million towards solving San Francisco’s housing crisis
  ‘Stranger Things’ won the Super Bowl on social media
 Wall Street is confused by Trump’s fiduciary rule memo
 SpaceX plans to launch rockets every two to three months
 The Hamilton Ponzi scheme sucked in Wall Streeters and billionaires like Michael Dell
 What Trump doesn’t get about H1-B Visas
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Tech opposition to Trump’s travel ban driven by employees, not executives. Workout makeup. Swapping the Facebook feeds of the right and the left. Smart pills in the office. Gangs waging war on Facebook. New CEO at Zenefits. Trump remains closely tied to his business empire. Sofi’s winning bet on Super Bowl overtime. Why nobody cares the President is lying. Trump’s LBO of America."
" View, a Milpitas, Calif.-based provider of “smart” glass, raised $100 million in venture funding. TIAA Investments contributed $50 million to the round"
" Exabeam, a San Mateo, Calif.-based cybersecurity company, raised $30 million in funding. Cisco Investments and Lightspeed Venture Partners led the round. Read more at Fortune"
" SnapRoute, a Palo Alto, Calif.-based open-source networking company, raised $25 million in Series A funding. Norwest Venture Partners led the round, and was joined by Lightspeed, AT&T, and Microsoft Ventures. Read more at Fortune"
" Bloomon, an Amsterdam-based online flower delivery service, raised €21.4 million ($22.8 million) in a Series B funding round, according to Tech.eu. Investors include Fortino Capital, INKEF Capital, Partech Ventures, and angel investors. Read more"
" Chorus.ai, a San Francisco- and Tel-Aviv-based AI startup, raised $16 million in Series A funding. Redpoint Ventures led the round, and was joined by Emergence Capital"
" Verato, a McLean, Va.-based developer of SaaS products that connect customer, patient, or employee records across systems, raised $12.5 million in Series B funding. Bessemer Venture Partners and Columbia Capital led the round"
" TravelTriangle, an Indian marketplace for finding and booking travel and holidays, raised $10 million in Series B funding, according to TechCrunch. RB Investments led the round, and was joined by SAIF Partners and Bessemer Venture Partners. Read more"
" Blooom, a Leawood, Kansas-based online registered investment adviser, raised $9.15 million in Series B funding. QED and Commerce Ventures led the round, with participation from Allianz Life, Nationwide, TTV Capital, KCRise Fund, Industry Ventures, and UMB"
" Lola Travel, a Boston-based subscription service for on-demand travel, raised an additional $5 million in Series B funding from GV and Tenaya Ventures, closing the round at $25 million"
" Stem, a Los Angeles-based company that manages royalties for artists distributing music on multiple platforms, raised $4.5 million in funding, according to the New York Times. Investors include Upfront Ventures and Scooter Braun. Read more"
" The Holberton School, a San Francisco-based college alternative designed to help fill the tech skills gap using non-traditional learning techniques, raised $2.3 million in funding. Daphni led the round, and was joined by Reach Capital and Insight Venture Partners. Read more at Fortune"
" InnovaTel Telepsychiatry, an Erie, Pa.-based provider of psychiatric telehealth services to adolescents and adults, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Canyon Healthcare Partners"
" Prexton Therapeutics, a Geneva-based developer of therapeutic compounds to treat central nervous system conditions, raised €29 million ($31 million) in Series B funding.  Forbion Capital Partners and Seroba Life Sciences led the round, with participation from  Merck Ventures, Ysios Capital, and Sunstone Capital"
" Mission Bio, a San Francisco-based developer of a microfluidic, droplet-based platform for the molecular analysis of single cells, raised an undisclosed amount in funding from Life Science Angels"
" The Sterling Group acquired Time Manufacturing Company, a Waco, Texas-based provider of aerial devices, from O’Flaherty Holdings Limited. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" BayMark Health Services, a Lewisville, Texas-based provider of services to treat opioid addiction, acquired AppleGate Recovery, a Bossier City, La.-based addiction recovery clinic operator, and Coleman Institute, a Richmond, Va.-based outpatient detox program for addiction. BayMark Health is backed by Webster Capital. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Industrial Opportunity Partners acquired GT Technologies, a Westland, Mich.-based developer of systems and components for heavy duty diesel customers. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed"
" Salient CRGT, a Fairfax, Va.-based software developer backed by Bridge Growth Partners and Frontenac Co, agreed to acquire Information Innovators, a Springfield, Va.-based information technology company servicing the federal government backed by DFW Capital. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
"Webster Capital acquired PharmaLogics Recruiting, a Quincy, Mass.-based provider of recruiting services for life sciences companies."
" Anova, a San Francisco sous vide startup launched on Kickstarter, has been acquired by Electrolux for $250 million including earn-outs"
" Azul, a Brazilian airline based in Sao Paulo and backed by China’s HNA Group, has filed to go public on NYSE and São Paulo Stock Exchange after canceling prior plans to go public twice. Citigroup Inc., Deutsche Bank SA and Itau BBA are leading the offering"
" KKR Prisma, a fund-of-hedge funds manager operated by KKR (NYSE:KKR), will combine with Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company to form PAAMCO Prisma Holdings, a new firm with $30 billion in assets under management. Pacific Alternative Asset Management Company will own around 60%, and KKR will retain a 39.9% stake"
" Bregal Sagemount, a New York City-based private equity firm, raised $960 million for its second fund, Bregal Sagemount II"
" CITIC Capital Partners, the Hong Kong-based private equity arm of CITIC Capital Holdings, raised ¥30 billion ($267 million) for its third Japan buyout fund, Capital Japan Partners III"
" Frontline Ventures, a London-based private equity and venture capital firm focusing on pre-seed and seed investments in B2B companies, raised €60 million ($64 million) for its second fund"
" Tony Seto has joined Freeman & Co. as an executive director. Seto was previously a director at Portico Capital.•  Chase Brogan has joined TSG Consumer Partners as a principal.  Previously, Brogan led the corporate development activities for Guthy|Renker"
" Monomoy Capital Partners has promoted Lee Mlotek from vice president to director. In addition, Ashley Johansen has joined the firm as a managing director, and Kelly Myers and Rick Key have joined the firm’s operating group"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
"Last week at the Upfront Ventures summit in Los Angeles, a number of locals excitedly speculated that Snap’s IPO could propel L.A.’s tech ecosystem above New York City’s as the #2 in the country. It pains me to say this as a New Yorker, but they had a point."
"NOW HEAR ME OUT, I know it’s not a competition. I know it’s not a zero-sum game. And I know it annoys people when the press plays up tech ecosystem rivalries. I’m not trying to do that. Yay, go tech, everyone’s city is special, even you, Silicon Sandbar."
"But I also know image matters when top tech talent is deciding where to live or start companies. Having a large, high profile, publicly traded “tentpole” company in your city – one that will to hire you if your startup fails, one that will mint angel investors and maybe even a “mafia” of next-generation companies and investors -- is very attractive. The Bay area has obviously that in scads."
"New York has a strong presence from Google and Facebook. It has the DoubleClick Mafia. And it’s home to many solid exits, including Tumblr, Jet.com, Buddy Media and Shutterstock."
"But none of its companies have approached Snap-level valuations. New York's most IPO-friendly “unicorns,” including Blue Apron, WeWork, AppNexus, BuzzFeed – are either on the sidelines or a year or more away from going public. Shares of the companies that did go public, Etsy and OnDeck Capital, have languished below their IPO prices ever since. Onetime winners Gilt Groupe and Makerbot sold, but fell short of expectations. And Fab utterly melted down."
"L.A.’s tech scene is younger, but has had its own meltdowns. Nasty Gal went bankrupt. The subscription companies ShoeDazzle and Beachmint, resorted to M&A. And The Honest Company recently laid off staff in its quest for profitability. It’s had numerous small-ish IPOs, including TrueCar, Cornerstone OnDemand and Rubicon Project, as well as the $1 billion sale of Dollar Shave Club to Unilever, the $1.5 billion sale of Lynda.com to LinkedIn, and the $2 billion sale of Oculus VR to Facebook. Other promising companies include SpaceX, Hyperloop, Thrive Market, and Scopely. An IPO as large and as high profile as Snap changes everything."
"I asked C.B. Insights to give me an updated side-by-side comparison of the basics and threw in Boston for posterity. I’ll post the charts online later today so you can see the direction these numbers are trending, and after the Snap IPO, I’ll compare exit data."
Funding raised from 2012 to present / Number of deals:
"L.A.: $14.9 billion / 1,198"
"NYC: $30.1 / 3,087"
"Boston: $23.1 billion / 1,628"
"VC vs. PE: Michael Moritz of Sequoia Capital has published searing New York Times op-ed about Stephen Schwarzman, Donald Trump, and carried interest. Trump vowed to close the carried interest loophole (an indefensible quirk” that Moritz admits he benefits from at Sequoia) during his campaign. But with Schwarzman leading Trump’s business council, that’s doubtful. Same goes for reforming the private equity industry, which Moritz harshly criticizes for job losses, including Blackstone’s 841 layoffs at Travelport. He writes:"
"It is wishful thinking that [the business council] will ever contemplate anything so daring as to make private equity principals personally liable for the loans they assign to companies — a move that, with the stroke of a pen, would curb many abuses and protect American workers and others whose standard of living has barely budged in a couple of decades."
He concludes:
The lower- and middle-income Americans who voted for Mr. Trump in droves would do well to listen hard to what Mr. Schwarzman is advising. They’ll hear the sound of dollars being sucked out of their pockets and slipped into the wallets of the 1 percent.
"NEVERMIND! That’s theme of the IPO market so far this year. Following the dramatic last-minute sale of IPO-ready AppDynamics, 2017’s next big IPO, Mauser Group, has sold to Stone Canyon Industries for $2.3 billion. Mauser is a packing supply company backed by Clayton Dubilier & Rice. No word on whether the deal’s bankers were shopping the sale unbeknownst to the company…"
PS. I’ve collected all my coverage so far of the Snap IPO in one place. Find it here.
 Twitter’s steps to curb abuse on its platform
 The new era of CEO activism
 Facebook employees now get bereavement leave
 The Trump rally hasn’t helped sin stocks
…AND ELSEWHERE
"Tom Price, Dr. Personal Enrichment. A quiet giant of investing weighs in on Trump. The desperate battle to destroy Isis. The FBI is reverting to Fax machines to thwart FOIA requesters.  Melania Trump sues over fears she missed the opportunity to profit from her role as First Lady.  Mandatory legal standards like fire codes are now copyrighted. “The slow motion terrorism of pirate capitalism.” The new face of American unemployment. Dripping is the new vaping. Articles on terror attacks. A hedge fund run entirely with artificial intelligence. Peter Thiel says he’s not running for California governor, despite a PAC in support. Venmo has a Sean Spicer problem. Tech, church, and the battle for San Francisco’s soul."
"  Fuze, a Cambridge, Mass.-based provider of enterprise communications services, raised $104 million in funding. Wellington Management Company led the round, and was joined by Greenspring Associates, Summit Partners, Bessemer Venture Partners, and G20"
" Shansong Express, a Shanghai-based logistics startup, raised $50 million in Series C funding from SIG Asia Investment, Yi Capital, and Prometheus Capital"
" HackerOne, a San Francisco-based cybersecurity company that helps businesses build bug bounty programs, raised $40 million in Series C funding. Dragoneer Investment Group led the round. Read more at Fortune"
" Fungible, a Santa Clara, Calif.-based developer of hardware and software for cloud data centers, raised $32.5 million in Series A funding from Mayfield, Walden Riverwood Ventures, Battery Ventures, and Juniper Networks"
" GOAT, a Culver City, Calif.-based mobile app for buying and selling sneakers, raised $25 million in funding. Accel led the round, and was joined by Matrix Partners, Upfront Ventures, and Webb Investment Network"
" CXA Group, a Singapore-based health technology startup, raised $25 million in Series B funding. B Capital Group and EDBI led the round"
" Chatbooks, a Provo, Utah mobile app that turns digital photos into physical photo books, raised $11.5 million in Series B funding. Aries Capital Partners led the round"
" Zeitgold, a Berlin-based provider of financial administration support for small businesses, raised €4.2 million ($4.5 million) in seed funding from Battery Ventures and Holtzbrinck Ventures"
" Adveez, a French IoT company, raised €3.3 million ($3.5 million) in funding, according to Tech.eu. Investors include Plume Finance and M Capital Partners. Read more"
" Once Upon a Farm, a San Diego-based organic baby food maker, raised $3.1 million in a Series A funding, according to the San Diego Business Journal. Cambridge Companies SPG led the round, and was joined by Seed 2 Growth Fund and Harbinger Ventures. Read more"
" Rippleshot, a Chicago-based fraud analytics firm, raised $2.6 million in funding. KDWC led the round, and was joined by CMFG Ventures"
" Tenka Labs, a San Francisco-based smart toy company, raised $2.1 million in seed funding from unnamed investors"
" Hashed Health, a Nashville, Tenn.-based provider of support services for blockchain networks, raised about $2 million in funding. Martin Ventures led the round, and was joined by Fenbushi Capital"
" Airsorted, a London-based provider of management services for Airbnb properties, raised £1.5 million ($1.9 million) in funding. Concentric led the round, and was joined by 500 Startups and Pi Labs"
" Artemest, a Milan-based ecommerce site for Italian handmade luxury products, raised $1.2 million in seed funding. IAG led the round, and was joined by angel investors"
" Laminate Medical Technologies, an Israeli developer of a dialysis device, raised $8 million in Series B funding, according to Globes. Read more"
" The Carlyle Group (Nasdaq:CG) acquired a majority stake in CMC Networks, a Johannesburg-based telecommunications carrier, for more than $100 million"
" Altus Capital Partners acquired MAX Environmental Technologies, a Pittsburgh-based environmental services company that treats, stores, and disposes of industrial waste. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Baldwin Technology Company, a manufacturer and supplier of process-automation equipment backed by Forsyth Capital Investors, acquired Air Motion Systems, a River Falls, Wis.-based provider of LED UV curing technology"
" Innovative Chemical Products, backed by Audax Private Equity, acquired MinusNine Technologies, a Birdsboro, Pa.-based formulator and manufacturer of UV/EB coatings, adhesives, primers, and specialty products for graphic arts and industrial applications. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" Waud Capital Partners invested in Minnesota Eye Consultants, a provider of clinical eye care services"
" L'Oreal (ENXTPA:OR) is considering putting the The Body Shop up for sale with a price tag of €1 billion ($1.1 billion), according to the Financial Times. Read more (subscription required)"
" Canada Goose, a Toronto-based apparel maker backed by Bain Capital, has filed to confidentially go public, using a dual-listing in New York and Toronto, according to Bloomberg. The company aims to raised between $200 million and $300 million at a $2 billion valuation. Read more"
" Detsky Mir, a Russian children's goods retailer, raised $355 million in a Moscow initial public offering, with shares pricing at the bottom of the expected range. Read more at Fortune"
" Saudi Aramco, a Saudi Arabia oil producer, has hired Moelis, a New York City-based boutique investment bank, as an advisor as it prepares to go public at a valuation of more than $2 trillion. Read more at Fortune"
" The Priceline Group (NASDAQ: PCLN) agreed to acquire the Momondo Group, a London-based online travel portal backed by Great Hill Partners, for $550 million in cash"
" Hootsuite, a Vancouver, Canada-based social media management company, acquired AdEspresso, a San Francisco-based company that helps businesses understand and manage their Facebook advertising campaigns. Financial terms weren’t disclosed. AdEspresso raised $3.2 million in VC funding from investors including Venture Friends, 500Startups, and angel investors"
" Brook Venture Partners, Resolute Capital Partners, and Eagle Private Capital acquired Cole Information Services, an Omaha, Neb.-based provider of consumer and business databases, from MCM Capital Partners. Financial terms weren’t disclosed"
" One Equity Partners, a New York City-based middle-market private equity firm, raised $1.65 billion for its sixth fund, One Equity Partners VI"
" Vector Capital, a San Francisco-based private equity firm, raised $1.4 billion for its fifth fund, Vector Capital V"
" Trident Capital Cybersecurity, a San Mateo, Calif.-based venture capital firm, raised $300 million for a fund that focuses on cybersecurity investments. Read more at Fortune"
" Green Bay Ventures, a San Francisco-based venture capital firm founded by NEA-cofounder Dick Kramlich and Anthony Schiller, raised $130 million, mostly from family offices, for its first fund, according to a person familiar with the situation. The firm plans to raise a healthcare-focused fund of the same size"
" Blue Sage Capital promoted Eric Weiner and Jonathan Pearce from vice presidents to principals, and hired Austin Prentice and Afshar Sanati as associates"
" Arthur Mornington has joined Oakley Capital’s (AIM:OCL) private equity unit, according to Reuters. Previously Mornington was a partner at Charterhouse Capital Partners. In addition, Hayley Whitehead joined the firm as assistant director of its deals team, and Lovis von Andrian and Alex Golling joined as associates. Read more"
 Ashish Aggarwal has joined Grishin Robotics as a principal. Previously he was the director of corporate development at Opera Software
" Janelle Goulard has joined Pangaea Ventures as the director of health investment. The firm also promoted Sarah Applebaum to director of Pangaea Spark, and Matthew Cohen to director of technology"
Term Sheet is produced by Laura Entis. Submit deal items here. View this email in your browser.
